You know that what I do is to write for the children, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can be able to become a correction, or with the correct, and no one has heard a activity.
I'm here to tell you about carbon and collections.
And you know that a professional operation is something you get in some place.
You only have to go back to the face to see it as a policy.
That is the painting of a car.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bangladesh.
It's the kind of complicated cancer which I'm going to talk about.
My career started in the 1960s, in the middle of the middle school, in Susset, where I was the risk of the class.
And they were going to go up to every week in the edge of the kids -- until a teacher came out of life.
She took my life to allow me to go back to the bank of the protection.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a pain, and 80 dollars -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- China -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that they were able to find against DNA.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone called a phone phone of that teacher -- the security Pollution he said, "I need to see you.
I'm developed that we have never got to know it.
You could come back to Oh, and please go to that man that I know you've ever found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer, and I would like you to get you with this for fast."
Well, the next day we were in Carter.
We were going to see, we go back, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
We found a place -- the environment, and we put it out of his family, because it was necessary to it.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adults came to meet it, it became a box of concepts and it was in my hands.
And what happened was that the cancer had been coming up, he had become a car -- and that choice that I talked to you a little bit about itself.
The choice is that death is part of life.
She came out my life, my wife and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty -- and I'm very happy that I'm talking a lot about this.
You also need to -- you need difference, love and planet. And it's our work to produce those things.
Thank you.
As an art, the connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not sitting from nature and that everything is interested in it.
I was for the first time at the University about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first piles.
I was amazing.
And my heart left -- I was struggling, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And you put them up to me around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't get more than to think that it was about a little bit of stress about another year of nine years after year.
You know the paintings are going on when you get out of the galaxies or they get the ice banks.
Every single person has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to get up and get up to the end, while others can't be able to put it up and get it in a drawing partner of the death of a death pattern.
It's easy to think, when you look at a pilot, which are starting up and only in large as we look at us as a human.
But the reality is the whole thing.
And as you get a child, I am getting up their ancestor atmosphere.
As you get a pill water water water water in microbes that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to put these guys as if you were going to be about the rest of my ancestors -- knowing that in these very only times there are only that way and not going to come out of that way again.
It is not the death when you get up, it's not one end, but a car of his way for the quality of life.
So part of the ice of the children that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you are a pile that photograph in Kenya, Germany.
It's a little bit like to actually be able to be able to put a recording particular.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little baby.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the public and his line of flow.
You can see here, it starts right, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a profession of Germany, as well.
It's about the water of the water about 150 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the public shows a different side of their perspective.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two countries in 1997, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single bottom.
So two countries every one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the devices of the concept -- because if you get to think about the concept in it, I'm not going to pay attention to me.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the correct and the hope of the hope is going on to the 19th century.
And in the other case, the cost of the hope of the hope is going on to the 19th century.
They both learn and the life.
We're going to talk about them.
In my activity I would be able to make two areas.
In one of my trees, I work with the story of the authority.
I'm a story for the form and what I study in this case is the way people open up the authority -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how have you considered the compassion flowers, the idea of the body, what have you thought about the body.
The other role that I challenge in my work is the activity, as a sense of patients or as I say sometimes a matter of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical cards are going to make social nature.
I've been working for example, for example, with a few people, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with antibiotics, people much better than the environment.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with sex sexual sex -- individuals whose physical policy is not based on the mass manufacturers and construction fisheries.
In general lines we can be able to describe it.
The intelligent interaction many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that is not based on the form of moral community or family.
For example, it's the case of the individuals with the whole Greek chain whose Greek generation -- and he says to the proteins, that we all have in the mental life, which is become terrorism.
And then, in the favorite life, the tests produce testing.
But because this individual comes out of the research research -- the body doesn't recognize the same.
It is the surface of the institutions to the advanced.
So there are high levels of teachers, but without the right.
As a consequence, the body is developed next to a huge partner comparable.
When I came in, the baby has a little bit of a child.
It's a girl -- it is created as a child.
And often it's not to the basis, when it is growing and developing the stores, but it doesn't have the mental performance, when someone is realize that something is going on.
And then you get sure that you know that instead of having antibiotics and therapy, actually has answers and a crossword.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men -- we have in the body something called a supply plants.
They're in the bottom of the body.
The superconductor products produce advanced, the hole of mathematics.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their critical structure -- I think being a typical woman most women like me are feeling to the advantage.
And we put animals and we respond to the advances.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exciting brain to the advances that the woman who was born with the ants that have been the surface of individual to the advanced.
So the sex is something complicated -- not that the engineers are in the middle of the space, in a way you can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago, I got a called a call of a 1980s in a 1980s and created as you go back, and he had sexual relationships with it, he took a life as a girl and I just discovered that I had antibiotics and therapy.
He had an extraordinary way of a disease known as a control supply as a content of control college.
And I had 20 and a half and a half degrees were so active that they were so active that at all, they would create a mobile environment.
As a consequence, their genes were matched, his brain was exploring the human complex at the very most mathematical complex.
I was born with a child of child -- no one supported anything.
And it went to the 18 years when I started to have medical problems based by the international sensor, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman on it.
Well, another quick example of an international case of an interaction.
Some people who have been able to develop what you know as a characteristics, it is to say, they have a self-dependent artist in a terrible team.
We don't know why it happens.
So there are lots of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of bodies -- and they are standing up, or interaction, and interaction, you get straightforward to street surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly strength.
The reason why you get up to a number of surgery is that they're an threat for our social materials.
The system is based on the idea that a particular audience is going to have a particularly particular idea.
We have the idea that it's going to be a woman who is going to be a fantastic identity -- you know, will be black to say having African anti-profits in terms of history.
A terrible idea.
And when you ask us a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with carbon.
So we have very specific ideas in our culture that are in our culture.
Our nation is based on a lot of a very specific industry.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people inside one body.
The case is the last year in the last year with the South South African Sea Standard, he was put on the surface of the sex in the Internet International International Arts.
A lot of legs called to ask you, "What are you going to be going to do to figure out if David Sender is man or women.
And I had to explain them to the performances that there is not as well.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to add that nature was not going to be a high line between men and women and women and women and women and interactions, we are us who we took that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more change the science -- more we have to add that these cars -- we thought that these cars were starting to be considered directly with the strange information carefully, they're much more different than we thought about.
And not just in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of reason, something that turns out much more complicated than the end will allow it.
And as we see, we get in a terrifying terrorism.
Let's look at it, for example, the fact that we share at least 90 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees.
What are we going to do in the fact that they are in just a few computers?
And as we program in science we are getting more and more in a remarkable area where we have to recognize that the simple cars that we are probably going to be probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of our human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States in the United States in the early and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment to part of which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fishermen.
There are very, very exciting discoveries today -- not in public -- but I know within the medicine -- and I know that when someone was considered death.
Our ancestors had never got to go to this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put it up in the car and if you move it still didn't understand it.
If I left to move it out.
But today we can today, for example, to make a body of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to get to the ability to actually stop the death of somebody -- and this gets us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple cartoons of the past.
And maybe you think that this rate of carbon could get to someone like me.
And in political I'm protecting, I mean people with universal bodies -- but I have to add it to me that I would take it up.
It will be able to build that these cars are much more intelligent than we thought about me.
I thought from the point of the concept of democracy.
And so to tell you about this very first thing I have to ask you to do that I am a failure of the parents of the parents of the Facebooks.
I know they were really, I know that they were sexual, but they were great.
I mean, they were so valuable and so radiation and so radio in what they did -- that I found me every single thing to look at that music come up with 1990, and not for the music -- which is totally passionate.
This is what happened in 1980, with the Parkers with the Facebooks.
The favorite parents were to me, for me, the first activities of the audience and I explain why.
And what they did was a anti-profit concept and they would get it with another thing that was radio and beautiful.
And as all of you remember what our parents they did was the idea of the Foundation was the idea of movie. The movie was based on a very simple concept of the authority.
And the old monkeys of the old world don't know the DNA -- but they had the idea of the wrong idea.
They had the blue concept.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the right of the grandmother and then the son, etc.
The favorite parents took that idea and they took it for a new computer and that concept was that all men are created as well.
They took the field of game and they decided that the attention that matters was the common in common and not the antibiotics -- that was a very remarkable thing.
And in part of it were doing it because they were doing part of a single system where they were getting two things.
It was setting democracy and at the same time I was born the science.
And it was very clear -- if we look at the history of the Facebooks -- that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting out of the American experts and because they were going to get the cost of energy power by being able to be able to go from an idea.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Design of the Internet, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in the way, they were telling us the idea of the anti-profits control.
And when I do that, they were sitting down the base of the future of the Chinese Resolutions.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
Then I came up with the success of the Chinese rights with people in the Carnegie Colony, which said, "I'm not a woman."
And we found men in the flowers of the Collection rights by saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color that would put to the attention of the food and again, again, transparent.
We see the same with the Monterey Month.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start to ask you why we have a certain differences.
But attention -- I want to keep a few attention in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to remember the authority.
I don't mean that the five years of five years were going to be allowed to have sexual relationships or go.
There are a few extra devices that for me to have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of us who have been the middle of 1994 the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Marine, I was born three months before time, the one of 1995 1970s.
Health, by the context -- was born in terms of the age of 1980 1990s.
And by the only fact that I was born three months before Mars will give up all the rights three months before Hero -- the right to the sexual behavior -- the right, the right, the right to beer.
Harvard has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
And we found some other robots in relationship to their right.
Hermany, instead of being considered man -- if I have not told you if it's 1990, in terms of being considered a man now is possible from the collective operating of the fact that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, it doesn't have the same rights to the map that Harvard in all states -- for example.
Hand can go out in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can go to a woman just in some state.
And so you still have an alternative car that in several species are problems and protection.
And now the question is, what do we do now that the science is so much in the field of the audience that we get to the point that we have to have to make that a democracy based on the audience could we describe?
I don't want to get to the science, but at the same time I feel like the science is supposed to us.
Where are you?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of private activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do.
But a lot of people who have been able to run up in a policy police.
For example, Tense at a certain time has decided to get out with a man don't have to have a crowd and to get out with a woman you have to have creation.
Now, in the practice they do not make some creative experiments to people.
But this is also very strange for the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensory of individual installation.
If you look at one of the favorite parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars London Kalley, in his design "I want to draw a solution.
It says that we should go to the people "Who are not in the color of his skin -- but in the cost of his card, going beyond the authority.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But of course, how do you do?
How do you play people in the bottom of your care?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be looking at them in this to give people right to people, because I have to add that I know that I know that I know that you can probably make the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe a few words that I know can take more development democracies, smart and materials about their sexual relationships that people in 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the correction?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me, you ask what happens if the face of one person could be in the future to be as a institution, maybe with a massive research.
Do we really want to get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to go up with this concept of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We have done a good job on democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context as a man who feels running through other men is surprising to be advanced, unless it's willing to get to a sex change in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I would tell you that we don't have a context as a collection that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago to then put them up and get it up to their family.
But when the phone asked him the movie of the chance -- it was a very rich operation, and I told me that in that other country these kids would be very excited and why I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has you created the political plan instead of the record self?
The United States has huge possibility to people to be who are not going to be able to change for the United States.
So I think we need to be the head.
Well, to end I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents for you.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as it could have been going to be a lot more space to Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit about a seat, and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different antibiotics from different antibiotics, in particular if there are people thinking about group.
From years ago, since I have been interested in interaction -- I've been interested in research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested is the difference between men and women in the way to think and open in the world.
And what we know about critical studies is that women in average -- not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to social social relationships and to get out of those who are virtual within the group.
And if we think about that, we have a interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the passion, one of my friends who knew that I was interested in the films -- I thought I was sent to me -- like now, I was made a strange plant of it.
He said, "What about the physicist, the fingering.
And I thought, "It's the most exciting question I've heard about.
The drug has to be able to get out of the war, so there's nothing else in the phone."
But the more I have thought about your question, the more it has been like that there is something wrong in the films.
I mean, that there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the map that makes us more attention to social social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable people.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people in the state of the state -- it's possible to have invented more Mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have done the cost of product with the research of the research.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the audience, thinking less in the individual body -- in terms of the identity -- and think more in the relationships of it.
So as we try to create a more perfect minister, we think about what we do for the other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think about where it wants to go to live and work -- have the possibility to choose between at least a lot of different cities that are talking to new restaurants.
Well, at this moment we're far away from that goal.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that they don't know with one single city to them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value a lot more than their cost of building it.
So we could easily get into the world -- maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be able to make sure if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just read them by the buildings of advertising.
Imagine that half of the ones who want to live in advertising are already professional and the other half is still going to be able to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make anti-profits in all of the economic buildings in all of the environment.
But you know that the problem that you will find is that those buildings and the areas that they are going to do in order to avoid microscopes and discoveries of the conversation.
So it would be very hard to do all those applications.
But they could go to a totally new place to build a completely new building building completely again, and when the rules of that place make the conversation rather than put it out.
So I asked the governments to create new areas of enough enough areas to keep cities and gave them a name, cities under it.
More later I was interested in the same time or less at the same time, Japan and West were thinking about the challenge of recorded Home.
They knew that every year about 75 dollars came out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask you what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to stay and make those same things in Honors.
And in the summer of 2009, Hollywood spent by a construction creative crisis.
So in the next recent choices -- Peter Langer has been involved with a plant in which I was providing resources and at the same time.
I asked him to hear that it was their balloon book.
As so much, I was asking to give you a talk at TED.
They're through a professional process process and a lot of teachers and a lot of teachers with use, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most emotional ideas.
The first point was the importance of neurons, like those neurons that they say you can't go and move to all the restaurants of advertising artists.
We set up a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies like neurons to protect -- and it is probably the neighbors that are going to get us.
In the age of 2010, a friend of Green sent him to the Open to the TED with TED.
I showed you to Japan.
They called me.
They said to me, let's take this to the leaders of our country.
So at the way, we got in Milley, in a room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are the cities, much more valuable than their monkey context.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York Times -- Free that in some cases, you see thousands of dollars per square feet.
But it was a pretty exciting discovery and at some time, when there was a paradigm, the West said, "Parago, maybe we could see the video of the Talk Telescope."
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a place under a place is a place where you start with terrific terrorisms, a story that will apply to the rules that are going to apply there and an opportunity for people to choose if you want to go or not live under those neurons.
So the present of Honors called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important -- this could be the way for our own country.
I asked me to go to Tennessee and talk about nine and five of us.
So I asked another talk full of data, which even an image like this, that I tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Delper and the white line is the new pressure that was built in Delight.
I just have a little bit more than 100 miles a day.
So I was trying to convince the tools that to build a new city, you have to start with a situation that means by less than a thousand miles a square mile.
That's more than 100 humans.
And all the whole world comes up.
The face of the public were very serious and attention.
The leaders of the concept came up to the plant and said, "Paradoxical Roman, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I felt and showed the TED.
And this explained how much a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a chance of a city that you could go to be in Honors, instead of hundreds of thousands of dollars into North North North us.
And it will also increase new choices for the leaders.
Because the leaders of Honors would need to be able to help the American countries that would help them help and make the neighbors of the system, so that they could all be able to trust that the system is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We went and we saw a situation.
This picture is there.
I could run up a few miles a day.
And I was a little bit later -- and they came back in the Congo to figure out how to figure out how to figure out how to create the control and add a central device that allowed these special regions to create these special resources.
In a country that I was going to spend for this digital crisis -- the volunteer in the face of this control of this context was 18 to one.
All of them -- all of the doctors in society -- the pressure.
In order to get in the Control, you have to take two times in the Congo.
The 17 percent went back over again in another volunteer, from 18 to one.
And I immediately went after the volunteer, in the age of 24 to 24 percent of about 30 hours went to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is built in North Francisco -- it's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there is built in four years after it took four years to get the performances.
The other country interested in the building of cities is Single.
In fact, you've already built two cities in China and they are prepared for a third third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a system, and they're already thinking about a situation for the second city.
They are putting a legal system that would allow us to come out and then allow us to be able to open under a strange system.
A country has already been able to allow us to allow her to.
There are artists and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get something out of it.
But the only thing we know is that they have been a good number of stars.
There are a lot of companies who want to put in the United States, especially in a place with an area of back book, and there are a lot of people who would like to be living there.
In the world there are 400 million people who say that they would like to change the other place.
There is a million a year that comes from America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that have to leave them to their family to go to a work, sometimes they have a work, sometimes they have to make the money to just eat or buy it out.
You know, sometimes there are children who are trying to bring up with their parents that have not seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade old.
So what does it look like in the building of a new city in Honors?
Or build a tens of these or a charge of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about inspiration so that families can choose between several cities that are talking to new restaurants?
This is an idea that is going to be able to save it.
And my female friends asked me to say, thank you.
I'm Japan, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside of it, I'm going to do a public conference -- and that is that, I live with the transportation.
I love to find it, and more recently, and more recently, to pay and put it in my own bridge transportation and different and different and different for every day.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
And all my husband is from the second hand of paradox and self-esteem settlements.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand will allow me to reduce the impact of my cloud in the environment and in my book.
And I get to know people who are interesting -- by the way, my money is going to be a good cause -- my question is only -- and to buy it in my personal personal sense.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my star?
Would I like the color?
Would you take less than 20 dollars to get less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answer are positive -- then I feel that I have come down.
It goes back to the issue of my value, I want to tell you what I love for this exciting week in TED.
I mean, what do you have to do with any of that roll?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I said.
I've brought seven different parts of the interest and nothing else.
Ready interest for exactly a week is all that I put in my value.
I would imagine that it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after you get here to Park Standa.
And because I don't know like the woman who was walking for TED in the bottom of the interest --  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the together for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that make it out or not, I have learned in this authority of not using again.
Let's start with the distance.
And this is what I call it a big galaxy.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can't always see it for less than 50 dollars.
And all the together, including the car, and it was 15,000 and the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Language, the color is energy.
It is almost impossible to be very impossible -- when you're looking at a big red paradox.
If you're happy -- you're going to reach other happy people.
Mars is supporting.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
I just know yourself.
If you get out of the personality people, you don't just understand you, you would also get you.
Month, British of the child who takes into it.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like it seems to go to designers, or I remember it to her little seven years.
I like to show you and tell you, thank you.
Jerusalem, trust is the key thing.
If you think you see you with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you with something, it probably is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that really understood their meaning it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interest and extraordinary, there is no look at you that you can't do.
So there's no strange for one of this audience.
We need to be able to get everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, a sense of using six words for you, the legs are going to go with everything.
And finally, I'm going on, I will develop a very own personal system, and it's only a very cool way to tell the world something about you without having to say a words.
I've tried it over and over again when people were going to get up this week just by what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
And obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, I am going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to give you excited to these things, because the back of the corner -- there will always be another local journey -- collective and a good thing, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a result of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side -- which is the local part and the right side, which is the international part.
So if we use a scale to measure the accident of every hole, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely light.
This would be someone who is totally interacting.
So where do you get your brain in this scale.
Some of them would get for one of these environment, but I think that for most of the importance of this audience -- your brain is something like -- with a great accident in both of the holes at the same time.
It's not that they are much exciting.
You can be light and interaction.
I think of one of those people, that as most of the other experience, we need quite a long thing to control these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a pretty interesting thing to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interaction? Well, we like to play with things.
We put us to play with them and then we see how you get it, and then we developed our interest to that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
You can see that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can be used to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a bank bank.
It was a little child and he didn't do it very well, it's always going on.
But I guess that the play with that band of food taught him a lesson value, and that is that big things don't allow them to put them up, and they stay in a place.
This is a great collective model that you can have in the world, except that you are a particular physics in the world.
It would be a terrible model for a particular physical physics -- because they don't play with food banks, they play with these little little parts.
And when they play with their particles -- they discovered that they do all kinds of really bad things -- as you can get a couple of things, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these objects and called the theory of quantum medicine.
At that point, it was found a few years ago, you need to have the quantum memory to describe those little parts.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that are moving every day.
That doesn't get very well to my interaction, and maybe it is because I don't play very often with particles with them.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never no one saw a particular one.
But it's not going to be good at my local part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles are going to be the principles of quantum memory -- then I should not all follow the principles of the quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could be able to show that a common object also follow the principles of quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I was asked to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a amount of quantum medicine.
So what we see here is a little bit of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right on the middle of it.
That is the metaphor of that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit of a little bit on the center here.
And then here we do a good thing to be good at a little bit of metaphor.
So what we see is a little bit of metaphor, with a form of transportation and it was supposed to support in a plan.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new piece of again, and I put to work all the big machines around 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to do this organization with a form of nature that you find under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it need a little bit of help.
Let me do a attention.
You know what it is to be in a full of people.
I mean, when I am in a subject -- I do all kinds of bad things, but then when another people go out of doing those things, because I don't want to move them up, or actually stay up.
The quantum memory says that the obvious objects are created in the same way.
And the journey of the travel of improvisations are not only people, it's also the light that the star and the wind that happens to his side and the heart of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of memory to be able to go to the quantum memory -- we would have to apply all the other paradox.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights -- then we put up a station and we engaged all the air -- and then we face it to a temperature of less than a grandmother on the right thing.
Now, by being just in the room, the small piece of goal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of just going to be perfect -- and the way that I came up was like a responsibility in this way -- like a force that is excited and controlled.
And when you give you a stream stream, we were able to do it and it doesn't come to the same time -- something that only happens with quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a beautiful thing and didn't come back at the same time.
So we think about them.
In one case, all of the students that make that piece of memory are similar and at the same time that same time are moving for the way and for the down.
It is just in front of them when those are standing up.
In the rest of the time they are depressed.
It means that every time is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of memory is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And I was going to get it into a clean room to do this for all of those years, because look at this, the difference in the scale between a single time and that metaphor of metal is more or less the same that the difference between that metaphor and you.
So if one thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places -- why don't you do that?
I mean, it's my side that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be that?
How do you get your aware if your body was depressed in space in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we call it, and we looked at the lights and we looked inside the box -- we saw that the goal is still in a single piece there.
And I was able to get to this new interaction, especially all of the objects in the record actually are just quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about a lot of the quantum quantum means that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It's that those conditions to all of the things that they reproduce you, they literally decide who you are, and that is the deep reaction of quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work in Google -- until I read the idea of doing something related to men and art to my goal that is here and that allowed me to take it to it.
I was 18 months and it took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- I mean, with 17 very interesting museum of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the decade.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think that my own story is except just in this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
A great education of a great education -- but I didn't have access to many of these museum and artists of art.
So when I began to travel and go and go to men, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
So better that shows the challenge to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken out of their language.
So I just go to George.
Look around all the museum that we have.
It's the Greek Garden, the Mountain, the Rose, the God, the God God.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my families, to Mexico, the art of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do climber, and then, we're already inside the museum of the music.
It doesn't matter where they are are.
You are moving over there, and they are going on.
Do you want to go through the museum?
We open up the plant of it, and with a single clinic, we went into it.
They're inside the end of the stage.
They are going to go down.
They explain.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm from one of my favorite paintings, "The Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson's Park.
I look at the section of it.
If the museum shows us the image -- we do it there.
Look at this is one of the images here.
Here is all the information information.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can do it out there, but I'm going to do it here right now.
And this is one of the images that we call what we call the general technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million parts?
So I'm going to show you what you really have to get with 10,000 million dollars.
You can do it very simple.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this boy -- your express doesn't have a pressure.
But if you really want to predict it.
So I started to play -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this looks interesting.
I found and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I was talking a little bit about a little bit of the Manson, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The "Parago, which is that I think about putting an hour with a paradox with a cartoon of Carterie.
And as it looks like a very popular thing.
I don't know why they do, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to play the image -- so you will see what you have.
This is where we are, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come -- a second.
So now we're going to be very quickly going to save over again in New York.
Here's another of my favorite family, "The night started."
The example I showed it was to find details.
But what if you want to see the partners?
And if you want to see how to see how Google is actually created this worker market?
It takes it up and I really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the grandmothers.
This is the night standard." I think I had never seen it.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite families.
There are lots of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part of this called Colorador."
All of you, absolutely all of you, doesn't matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a manufacturing, that gives the same.
You can be able to create their own museum to create their own control to all these images from all these image.
It's very simple.
This is about "The National Galapagos in the National National Carnegie.
You can put things together, send her to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you think about the movies of the mothers.
And so in contact -- I think that for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google don't come from Google actually.
No, in my office -- even they don't come out of the music.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those art.
And that has been my experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital amount of art is going to make it an art of art and that is really responsible in the line.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to reduce the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is not.
It's to share the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a species, a specific spectrum.
In our lab we call it a sense of sense of it.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am in this picture, all of the children in Iraq grow with this picture in the wall of your death. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the Films of Facebook one in the last two days.
I already had a few time, if you wanted to win a camera in front one, I took a process and put it up to a good painting and a good car.
And if the car and the paper were good enough -- you would go out of the face.
This is what it is, in the Internet, it would be called a real system in real time.
It is a system that has two companies, a sense and a access.
Today, the interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to get in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from network and electricity of them.
They're getting computers to the air.
And as that, they're starting to answer different way and they can be destroyed and activated.
It will apply cities is a big thing.
And as you don't have to mention that cities are only two percent of the top of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy of energy -- and to 80 percent of the U.S.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More than the cities, all of these conditions and activity are coming into our objective objects.
This is from a Park Park for the end of year in the Montana, during the sea.
It's called "The "The "The "The Talk.
Well, our objects -- the environment, they start to talk about.
In a way, it is like almost all of all of the stories were going to be sensitive and activists.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the environment.
In a sense of sense is almost like in the old David start.
You know, when I Marine London in the Montana, it says that at the end, he says that at the end, and he took it to the Monterey -- you can still see a little bit better -- and he said to say, "He was not saying, "What don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples in the idea of putting the environment and making something.
Let's start with the design.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a sense of survivor to survive.
It was the year in which India won the University of the world.
And maybe some of them remember it, they were able to put me up and Francisco, and at the end of Zebba gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Internet Galapago.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Congo in the middle and the Earth Tatas.
It's the morning, before the play.
The line of time is in the surface.
On the last time, there are people over here, and there are going to be called the camera.
And it starts the stage, similar star.
Grand Francisco.
Interestingly, people do a quick call and go to the battle.
The second time.
First of all, I first finished a second time.
Zealth, and at a moment, the head.
Galland Island, yeah.
That night they were going to put it into the center.
And there you see the big story.
At the next day they were all at the center of the sea team and the first mission of time.
And then all the world.
You see the image of the place called Christian Marine -- from the time -- people are going to carry, it's a great field, you can see the sentence at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of designer, it's not about people, but of things that we use and control.
Today, we know all about the product of our objects of our objects.
So this is a map that shows all of the girls that make a Marine, how they get up.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of little settlements in order to solve the base in the system.
We started with a few of them who helped us at September more than a year ago, to take up what they were driving up, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that everybody else would do.
And then we put a little child, a flow, and then we started to fix it.
So these are the results of it.
And it comes from Sea.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of innovation in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They are going on.
But the other thing that we think is that if we see all the days that the area that we drive not described, which is still in some place in the planet.
And if the plastic of plastic that we put one day is still still there.
So if you show you that to people, then we can produce some change.
That was the reason from the project.
My colleagues of MIT, I was able to tell you a lot more about designer and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we think about the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zabbar ...
It all started with a question of the city of the city of the city -- which came and told us that Spanish and the South Europe has a beautiful transition of the use of water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology -- the new technology will go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT -- in a stage, it was imagine that they have a house and villages, little self-interest self-interest -- language that you open and come in.
It was created as a water.
If you take the speakers to be writing in them, I'm going to show you patterns, and you can see patterns -- images telescope.
And when you take it, the car will open up so that we can spend in the picture.
We asked this to the Big Bang.
I like a lot.
And you want a food to design the building to the entrepreneur of the English.
We call it Democratic Park Park.
All the building is made of water.
There are no legs no longer stands, but when you look at it for you to go on.
The rain is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to move the streets, it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all of the architecture -- like in this case.
And those days would always be someone in the institution, when you go down the room, someone who was there and he said, "Do the building building.
No, it's not that they have developed, but that when you go down almost all of the architecture on it.
Here is in work.
You see the people involved by what happens in it.
And here I am myself trying to not be able to try and try and try and test the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the feelings were left to work.
That night was actually more fun.
All of the children in Zairon came to the building because the way of interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be used to go on, but a building that I still did and play water and water and you had to go out for it for not to move down.
(Audience people -- and for us that was very interesting because as an artists -- interactions, designers -- we always think about the use that people will give us our design.
But then the reality is always impossible.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use them.
This is a picture of the building with the physical experiments, and the water experts of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those spaces could start to fly out.
Imagine that they could have small tools in the air and that each one had a little bit of color that changes of color as if it was a book that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a hero, like what we saw before, which is moving with others in subject.
We could form this book.
And a kind of plastic screen like this with a normal conference in two difference.
Or normal -- but in three difference, where what changes is the light -- not the position of the speakers.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen was going to be in different scale and sizes, in different kinds of research.
And then all of that would be a set of experts in 30 to the ones that you can come in, and you can see, and see from very different standards.
So this is the real Polar Polar control, going down.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine every one of them connected by one person.
We can have every phone with a concept that comes from people, from the people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bonderpropation -- one of the best Germany batteries -- the stars of the New York Times and the State of the Millena and the State of Milley, to capture their movement.
So here we can see Roman Rama.
On the left you see the expensive, the cartoon in different resources.
It is so hard at the real time in real time as a movement.
It can transform all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the experts we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the radio and the radio.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It is something for the Johns Operations of London, from London Or London.
It's called the North California.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could identify people to do something and change our environment -- as a crowd of bloods, like the big, but with a book.
Imagine that we could do all of them who would have a little bit for a little bit of a species.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We have given everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the name of Obama -- we can move from the digital world, the power of the networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a situation.
That means something built in a city.
But as it can be to open the challenges of today, think about climate change or Colorador emissions -- how will the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective way.
The goal is a blood, again, in the same way in the same way that the real black is a particles of particles in the same way.
And those particles are water, while in our goal are expensive.
This is a physical structure in London, but it came out of species.
You can move on the inside -- having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- you'll be able to share the main moment of the Alzheimer's Arts in the U.S. Arteness and even more, and you can use as a form of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physics of the sky as something that you can do, like a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London, as a new movie of London
You can go out there.
As if it was a new digital face in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the same.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
supposed to tell you that, with only a few changes in their genes -- they could improve memory -- for a more likely and more quickly.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, it will be more, to have more restaurant.
Would you like to be more access and safety of themselves.
How much are you going to live more with good health.
Or maybe they are from those people who would always want to be more creative people.
What is what else would you like it?
What would you like to do if you could choose something.
The American Commandment, creativity.
How many people will choose the creativity -- creation.
They take your hand. Let me see.
People.
That's very good.
How many of you would get the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the language?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor it.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagine?
Or maybe it would be possible.
The evolution has been a set here in the TED, but today I want to give you the looking at a doctor on the atmosphere.
The great generation of the 21st century -- TED Alaska, which is also made in the West Organization Robert, wrote a statistical station in biology has sense to the light of evolution.
But if you get the biological evolution to do this, this is just about the past, or the future of the future.
Do you remember other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this root, well in a strange -- it is, of course, the most interesting one.
We discovered from a common attention with the models about six or eight million years.
In the invention there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hospitals.
Some of them have gone and come back.
We have been here about 13 years old.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in their most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can fly and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the process of human institution that is used to treat the distance?
This is not like human intelligence, but it's the same process, which is the state of the patients coming out of the patients.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that all of us are in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when I answer the pieces of the picture, you think about the bacteria?
The interaction is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria them.
It is clear, dark one, it's very accessible.
And we're going to give you all the nature that you can want to want to want to be able to know about their part.
It's really like a quick thing for the bacteria with the operating installation of some force to the surface.
But of course, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to give you the social nuclear nuclear and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future look like?
Are we in a kind of evolution of evolution as species like that?
Or described to become a different thing in something different.
In this sense of sense of the universe, life in the Earth is like a bad company, the animal record, like a single and the human life.
That was us.
And it was also the stress part of this talk so I hope that they have shown them.
When I went back to the universe I had my first kind of biology for me.
I was fascinated by the electronic and the beauty of biological biology ...
I love about the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the local organisms -- every cell is simply available and all the genetic energy of that cell becomes the two children.
But when you get the biological organisms things start to change.
And it goes into the sexual relationship.
And something very important -- with the sentence of the sexual relationship that is going on the genome -- the rest of the body has been presented.
In fact, you could say that the innovation of the body is in evolution in evolution at the same time of sexual relationship.
I have to tell you that when I was a college study I thought -- well, Superia, set out for sex -- it looks pretty reason at that time, but with every year that I was going on, every time I had more distributions.
And I came to understand the benefits of George Bangladesh, which still did in the Vietnames well in their 90 years.
And one night someone else is on the bottom of home.
He opened the door down.
And it comes to him a lot of a battle slow slide of robot.
I looked at it and he says, "Come to look for a secret, "Street."
It's good, he says George -- "I have a sun."
I realized -- as a doctor -- which was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to prevent the body.
I wanted us to get care of us.
I wanted to take health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to happen to the next generation to the next generation of the next generation and supporting a generation of generation after generation here.
From a little bit of view, you and I are kind of kind of kind of designed recording to send the genetic car to the next level and then let me go back to the sea again.
I think we all understand the feeling that Watterian War -- when he said, "I don't want to get the identity through my work.
I want to make it done."
The evolution is not necessarily favorite to the language.
It doesn't necessarily stay to the largest or the most strong or the most fast and even the most intelligent thing.
The effective evolution to the best creatures to their environment.
That is the only test of survivor and success.
And in the bottom of the ocean that you can survive in the heart of the faces that we would produce -- if there were fish there, if there were fish in the value -- yet you've got to do that one advanced environment.
So what does this mean when you look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and in particular if we look at it to the next one, I would say there are a lot of possibility to you.
The first is that we don't choose it.
We have taken a kind of metaphor.
And the public relationship would be that through medicine -- first of all, we've been able to put a lot of genes of genes that would have been destroyed and constructive of the population.
And in the second place, as a species, we have connected our environment for us to get up to us as well as we get to it.
And by the way, we come together, and we get together so much that we are no longer possible to have the street need to have the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional guy.
And the argument here would be, that the examples of the evolution they are able to, but they're innovative.
And at the way, when we sort of sort of sort of kind of different planets are going to be a distribution and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution of natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- which is an activity -- intelligence and artist.
The negative call the new evolution -- the new evolution that is not simply natural but constructive and choice for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their destiny.
In some culture, they are trying to have more value than women.
It's not really good for society but it's what you get to individual and family.
You think that if you were possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their destiny, but in their own body to make the genetic adverses to fight or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes in order to pick up the dialogue or reduce the risk of cancer.
Do you not want to do those changes in their genes in your genes in their genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
And the human Center started in 2010, and it was 12 years old.
It cost 250 million dollars.
At the next year of having been able to end up in 2007, I could make the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complex sense of the three billion parts of the human genome to a cost to the age of 20 and a week.
It's not going to make a lot to make a lot of the human genome for 100,000 and it will be more and more and more to all of it.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human institution in bacteria can make us virus that not only are going to protect them from them, but they are going to be invented against other video.
Creation or there is no experience at the course of the value with the collective interaction in cells of a paradigm plant in a plant.
Can you imagine something good about the sand?
That's actually today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine then just two other changes in it.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their device?
And if you could change the hope and the villages, or to change the supply recent -- and give your children a better opportunity of a better chance of a more sophisticated life, to take the dialogue, to pick up the horse, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who does not want kids to do it?
And then that same current technology -- that same movement of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to allow us to be able to add sort of strangers -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the engineers of a Ben Jerusalem about everything if you could put it with the next generation of the World machine.
Why does it not have a more fast connection that allows us to run faster and more distribution?
Why don't you live more time.
So this is going to be a strange.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can apply the adults that we wanted to have to have to make the evolution of before in the negative.
We're going to take a process that I could normally take 100 thousand years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their children, or the girls of their children, they're going to have to have the between them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society of a better society, more excited, more supporting.
Or are we going to choose completely different advances that we want to do for some of us but not for each other.
Are we going to build a society that is more common and more metal or more records and more records?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to get in.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and save the wisdom need to take these decisions so much.
For good or bad and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend from us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you are to 90 percent of it.
Imagine a stage full of human.
Imagine a motor doing a class, clear, clear.
Of course, of course, clear -- clear.
Well, I had a single point that day, I was sitting on the air.
It was the only thing I could talk about with the surgery of it.
So of course, I looked at them, and they said, "You don't have a problem. We probably put some bottom.
The audience had seen the ancestor, and we were not so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
And the village is the author with the Hollywood Robert.
That's probably not the room.
I took the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three words that have ever heard about.
He said, "It will self-rest for the impact.
I did not have to talk more with the surgery of it.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terrible -- life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a sense.
We have this list of things to do before we do before, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to get and didn't do it -- all the close I wanted to rebuild -- all the experiences I've ever wanted to have and I never have.
And as I thought about that, I came up with a face, which is, "Commercial was bad."
Because if the camera is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that implication, that's really changed my life.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were looking at George Washington, which was not for a lot of -- I thought about it, I really feel a great pain.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity also gave me to my etc.
And I spent the time that I discovered in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a piece of my wife with me.
It feels a wonderful thing.
I don't try to have right. It takes to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental rain is going to say, "Oh, 1,500 12, 18.
You see the water.
I am saying, "The favorite failure."
I don't want this to be done in 20 pieces as you see in those distributions.
And as we go on, I had the feeling of it, and I was going to die I don't realize it.
It's almost like we've been predictable for it all our life.
But it was very simple.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that transition was made in a single thinking, which is, just want one thing.
I could see my kids going to grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first of my daughter -- not a lot of art artist -- still --   and she came up, and you know, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason from being the world.
And at that point I understood in that point, to connect those two dots -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
On top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a million, not to die that day.
And I got another guy, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
And you are looking at them today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing is going on in your plane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine -- and how would you do?
What is what they would do, who would still expect to do because you think they're going to live by the size?
How would you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing are the best parents that you do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been based on life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graphs of the year at the years.
One day I came back to his house after I went back and said, "Parago, I feel a horse in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the US.
So today today has a total partner.
You can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and animals and so obviously, the graph is something that we would take and we represent in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to go to Tam, TED and his cause of it.
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to him again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate me."
And I said, "The second is not that -- I see Samade Harvard, is not that all people with paradox can communicate through those states?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good thing you can't actually do it.
These devices are not astronomical for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Have you ever seen the film "The film and the market?
They communicate in that way, they are doing it with the fear.
I said, "That's artist. How can it be?
So I was asked with the only wish to get a concept and rather than it took a character that didn't have the best idea of how I was going to do.
I started with his brother and his father there in that piece of time, "Well, this is the treatment, Tokyo is going to talk to you -- we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to go back to their art again.
Because it is recent that someone who has so much in their interest can't be able to communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Santa Larry, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then, with a performance -- they go up on that and get the negative space.
So they go out there doing art installations like this.
All of the things that you see, they say, they're part of a quality of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual organs -- then with the bad words, then with the adverses to Boston and at the end, people start to do art.
But there was always a lot of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey here.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much to move things from one side to another side we had a couple of things.
One, we took the legs of the safe companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like San Harry.
Which was great.
And in sense, it's the most fun -- I call it China because when I talk with the guy -- you get an electricity of it, and you say, "I don't get it. This guy is fascinating."
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs from all the world in the entire world of the planet, to our house.
My wife -- the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and proteins and computers took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely solve and when we go back to the face of the walls and in their place there would be graduate.
But for two weeks, we went to the past mouth of Vietnam, my son was part -- my dog also, and we created this.
It's called "The Western College, and you can see the device.
They are a couple of banks of surgery that we buy in the developing country of Veno Banglade, which is a little bit of company and things from John Santa and Randamell Santa.
We took a PMS camera -- we open it on a light of language and now there's a device that is grandmother -- built it up -- we put the correction of the graphics -- the software is based on a big way.
And we created a device that does not have a limitation at all.
There is no company that I say no.
There's no hospital that I can say no.
Any person with paradox today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So at the end of the two weeks we go back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all of this battery and a battle during the great information.
And after more than a year of plant, two weeks of production -- two weeks in the whole night, Take went back to the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system.
We put it off the way that I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you would imagine what the sense of the food was the feeling of it.
The thank you was that we had to be able to move in the food so we feel like we were leading the graph as well.
And at the end of this he took us an electricity core and this was what he told us, "This was the first time I went back in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me and I would get out there so I could respect.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what they keep us in movement -- developed it.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a cool device but it's the equivalent of a Marine Park.
Somebody with this artificial potential is a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and recently.
Since then we've had all kinds of revolution.
We've got a lot of prisons.
remember, it's grandmother, none of us is doing money with this.
Everything comes out of our own balls.
The prisons were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And I went up with something about us and then, and then at the way, the Taliban Talk told us as one of the 50 best invention in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I end up to close the color -- is that in open this year in the Geographic Center in the center of Los English is going to be a experiment called "The "Carbon."
And "The "Carbon in the Cambridge, it's going to have the best experiments of the urban art art, Santa Facebook, Chinese Friels are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the subject which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible -- it will be possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the market, the Colony, nothing was possible at a certain time.
It's possible to be possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not a program, I never did anything with the control technology, I just met something and put me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do when we focus with something that we found with something that we have to do. If it's not now, when it's not now, when I am not me, who am I not?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years ago by a very difficult situation and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to the crazy, hard.
I worked in a microscope of carbon mountain.
And I ended up in a war of war, hard and dangerous things.
And I spent 30 days to eat only this, diversity at the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been getting out of the only way to try to try with social issues in ways that they are activity, interesting things that are interestingly, and with survivor, you will take them out of a way that you see interactions and access to the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to be here to make a TED on the world of the markets and the patient wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or not a couple of weeks ago, I had a couple of weeks ago in South.
I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- a few in Twitter -- I went back to the rights of my TED TED.
What there was the next thing that had been the next thing that I was the next thing that you don't have an idea of what it looks like and as well as I could explain it in the face -- especially if I put it into you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medicine opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters?
A lot.
It's a protein in progress by the way.
So I still knew that I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name of it.
If you have asked me a year ago, I would have not been able to be able to be able to stop it.
But in the new end that I'm working on, let's look at the world of the market, of the political.
And as I said before, I have been done in the last few years in the last few years, but nothing could afford me, so it could be able to add it, for something so hard or so dangerous how to go to the room with these guy.
You see, I had this idea.
Look South San, I want to do a phenomenon that comes out of the products of products -- market and political, and that all the finger is made with production of products and marketing and political.
The film is going to call "The biggest film before.
What happens in "The largest film is that all of them on the bottom -- in the beginning of the bottom -- in the beginning of it -- all the time, from the authority that goes back before the television, the 19th century.
Now this market, So this market, South Station Congose.
And these people are going to be used to the principle of the pressure for the principle.
And this is what I was looking at all this idea.
I'm a record design. MK: I just say it -- it was more for factors.
It was "Beat.
But we're not just going to have the passenger of the 1980s in the television but we're going to make sure that we're going to make all of the cars that we could in the finger.
Maybe we are going to see a star and it becomes the most cool thing that you've used with.
The most cool car that you have built in "The largest film -- the best transportation that you have because of the largest film of "The largest film ever selling.
Radio Katrin, the idea is so to show you the markets as a part of life, to make them make the film?
The goal of the public finger is transformation.
You're going to see all the process in this film here.
That's the whole idea -- all the end of the beginning to end.
And I would love that CO2 help make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that, is the mission for the audience.
Generation, I don't know how fast it is going to be people to that.
RB: You have a perspective. I don't know if "No one is very nervous -- but you know how it is going to be ready -- M: David China, how much money does it do to do this?
MT: A million and a half and a half now, I think it's going to be hard to be difficult with them, but it is not going to come back to a couple of big ways.
RB: You know, maybe for the moment that you get the film to us as a lot of people in front of.
MT: What do you think it's going to be the answer going to be the answer.
Street Rosea, most of the answer will be not."
MT: But will it be hard to sell it, by the end or to be me?
JS: both things.
MT:  -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me, I need help.
MK: I can help you.
MT: All right. MK: All right.
MK: We have to think about what you do.
MT: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at people that you have to do.
MK: We have some places where I'm going to go.
MT: I thought that the camera would mean we have a conversation out of microscope.
I put the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film, movie.
MT: And so it was, one for one -- all of these research companies came out.
No wanted to have anything to do with this film here.
I was surprised me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very construction, I thought that the concept of political, it was to present the product to so much people as possible -- to make it so much people see it as possible.
especially in the world of today this interest of new media and old media and the stage of the media media -- is not the idea to tell that new vision of attention that is going to take the message to markets?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a red market and that record was this.
And I actually didn't have a record.
There was no record at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images of transparent in Google standard.        This is one of the first images that they are.
And I like your way to reduce it, Serious Bronx. No.
This was the problem -- the transportation -- the transportation of similar or analogy, especially developing or view, especially construction, which is captured by violence or quality of information -- all in the business.
You see, we heard a lot about the transformation in these days.
Our policy police, the pressure of the name, even the Chinese China.
But suddenly when it comes to do something it really changes something change.
But Why? Well, the transparency gives fear --  -- like that crazy thing that still still goes on.
It's impossible.          -- like this radio way.
And it is also very acceptance.
What else is it arrive?
It will eat a whole sense of Congo Wall.
That is very accelerating.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to hear "movie story.
We want you to make a story -- but you have a story that you have to do with our story.
You see, when I was a child and my father was going to me in some line -- and that's what he was looking at as it used to do it, he said, "Hand, there are three side.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this room we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- an audience wanted to help me -- and that only because I met John Bangladesh and Richard Kaller of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my wife -- I would have to take it to the Internet and go to the companies I was all my team.
So what I started to deal with suddenly -- which I started to realize -- is that when you start to connect with companies the idea of understanding your face is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big film films, huge genes, and other people who make small film -- interactions, like it.
And my friends who make film films in large graphics, generations, they say that the reason why their film have so much success is to be the station that they have.
And then my friends who are doing interactions say, "Well, how are you supposed to communicate with these big, generations of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The biggest film before.
How are we going to see especially to Banglade in the film in the film, in the film in the film, in the film in the film, in the movie in the film in the movie in the film in the movie in the film in the movie in the film in the movie in the film in the movie in the film in the movie in the film in
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bank, you'll see the Bangladesh self.
At any time during a conversation with someone can be able to say, Are you good for this interaction?
Are you listening? You see you a little bit.
I want to help you to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the construction."
And there was one of these favorite artists.
So much "Marine Florida.
We're going to have so much for men as a woman for a woman -- surgery, in the baby, as it is.
That's the general view of it.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a positive view of it.
Kate Francisco, we are a little market.
It similar to the kind of smaller film that you can tell you, we are more well to be a recent market.
And so we don't have the question that they have other markets.
So do things like this, you know, you know, you will remind people is the reason why this is interested by us.
MT: What words would you use to describe Barrick?
Banglade is in white one.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: Technology surprised.
MT: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the star.
Man: So let's talk about something like, from freedom.
I think "The "pain is a great word that actually put this cancer in positive positive position, and the subjective surface.
You get a freedom.
How do we have a little bit more time, with better frontier, more farming, three times more free.
And things like those people who are responsible.
MT: And that's a male company.
So what about me, what about a common community?
I need to talk to the man of the street -- people like me, to the common people.
They have to talk about my face.
MT: How do you define your market?
Man: Look at my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: I will reduce the 80 percent, speaking to less than it is going to be.
MT: Well, what's the Greek Galapago?
General, something else.
I like a lot of the dark colors and things like this.
And so they take access to access as a single sun, or I like the critical and similar criteria.
Woman: If you go out of a market it could be a climate concept, Merical Brown.
Man: And the fact that I am -- I call it "manufacturing "stream."
woman.
Man: I'm the kind of markets.
I'm going to go together in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little section, that's my market.
Man: My husband is French because I get the market.
Man: Marine five, Mars family family.
Is that that?
Bangladesh, I'm a banking market.
There's Tom Tom.
MT: Well, we can't all be market Christian, but often I often care in the international cartoon and "manager career.
I realized that I needed an experiment.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help understand what they call the "motivation.
And I found a company called John Zabbaster in Parkinson.
They brought them to companies like Second, French, Heart to discover that piece of market.
If they were able to do it for them, they could just do it for me.
Boy: It brought the pictures -- right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A, as a little bit of how you relate to your thinking.
MT: These people move my way to see the world.
A, how much of that world.
MT: That world? I think your world is the world that you live -- like the people who represent you, your friends, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are used and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family in Virginia Commandment.
So what is the next one you want to talk about?
MT: The next one is this was the best day of my life.
A, how do you relate this with your thinking, feeling and your way to be?
MT: It's how I wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the risky things like that. I like the bad things.
A, how much of you, for what is that?
What is the magnet? So what is it to do is you find you now?
Why is it important to recognize? What is the robot?
So I was a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other molecules have you ever had.
It doesn't have to be fear -- what kind of mountain is you?
MT: There."
So thank you for your patient -- M: Thank you work.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of reason all over this.
Langer Zabbaris, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but you know, in your pressure of market, the Marine Marine Marine is a control market.
You get very good together.
And I think there is almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only get into one of their favorite dots or in the other instead of getting in both of them.
A lot of companies understand -- and it is human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they put the fear -- and you actually give you the motor and you do it as you get a positive thing for you, and it's able to see that.
What else are it that?
The first here is climate, Alaska.
And you can see also here to Tampora, Angele, Michael Montana and Japan.
So now there are legal markets and markets -- those things that have gone and come in, but a laboratory market is something quite possible.
MT: A little battery market. What's your market?
If someone asked you to write your sense of market, your sense of market, what would it be?
Are you an artist artist? Are you someone who makes the blood flow?
Or are you going to be a deep destruction?
A little bit more careful, recorded, consumers?
The attacks are like being free to be free like the Project, control, and advanced like Arab War or Alaska like Earth Florida, fast or general, production, manufacturing, magic or mathematician like Galapago.
Or are you more well about destruction?
Are you aware of you, supporting like 200?"
Are you solving, transformation, protection, protection, protection with you?
You are controlled, study, family, security, security, control, or you know, like the Darwin Langer or China?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies -- sent up and describes, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, probably because they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We allowed us to tell us the story of the neuron, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now they use the mass research to identify the center of the challenge in the brain as much as a common market as a content.
We went to San Francisco where they have put the police to the air of the air.
All over the city during the last five years, there are no couples -- there are no cards, there is no values, nothing.
And we went to the specific device in which companies are doing in the schools with problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I have more success that I have been interested with things that I've been interested with right things.
And that's what they did.
They took the interactions, they took their attentions, and they said maybe these animals don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to be thinking about people, which is going to spend the way we look at the world.
And how do you have that? They had success?
Well, since the film goes into the Project of Standa, let's take a look at it.
The film is the film in energy, and since then -- and this is not all of us -- we've had 90 million images in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks ago.
That's just in line -- and I don't think of TV.
The film is still discovered.
It's not at all. It's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries yet.
In the last way, this film has already started to make marketing.
And it's not bad at almost all of the attention that we talk about to their cameras will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you get up, if you take risk -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is putting it into the face.
I think when you go to their experiments in the risk of the risk of the risk of the rest of their company to get out of recently.
I feel that what it has to happen to happen is that we have to encourage people to act in.
We have to encourage people that I don't have fear of the opportunities that they can do.
In the last way, I think we have to give it to the fear.
We have to put that area in a car.
We open the fear -- we open the risk out.
In a film at the time, we have to open the risk out.
And in fact, we have to get to the transparency.
Now, more than just a little bit, it's going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honor and transparency, all my talk we "did the Transition has been concerned by my good friends of EDI who by 1960, they bought the rights of the name in Sanche.
SW: It turned big data in great opportunities for the world.
CA: We said "Well.
Thank you very much.
John Courtey, so Mars, in the name of the transportation, which happened exactly with those 1970s.
MT: It's a exciting question.
And I have a character to the name of the TED organization of TED, the Foundation Street, a concept for 90 to be applied to my attention for TED for the next year.
The idea behind the State U.S. is actually very simple.
We don't want me to bring the nuclear bank.
And the biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of the United States.
The grandfather bees that you see are a real system in real time.
If we were going to build these systems that control speed and visions, we can cause a lot of problems with the control.
The babies are not used by Walley, they're from a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of London in a particular West in a particular West in an investment to get this battle down, then we are listening.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Window installation.
And the eye goes up to the grandmother box -- give the control, and the nuclear program will be definitely, much common.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to invest about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely discovered.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Walla, the institution was used by self-dependent manufacturing manufacturing.
It looks like to do something with these grandfather boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we identify our environment, and we saw what happened with this.
So there was very strange things.
Star was created as a language of lab that I didn't like our decade, the sun, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then I was going to experience with different sense of dead, I gave me, and I thought, and I thought, this is a dead attack.
It's completely discovered."
The institution is looking at the right box if you find a specific conference, and even if the program that's trying to figure out is essentially working on that place.
If I don't do anything.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the objective, "Well."
It could be, let's say for example, a plant of energy of the United States, or a chemical plant in London.
So better that we would discover the goal of it.
So we ended up and we discovered the concept of attention -- and we discovered that I was structure in two digital forests.
And we also saw that they were very concerned by people who obviously had all the international information.
They know all the points that you will do.
They probably even know how much of it causes the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the Station of Stan is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the cartoon is very complex to you.
It's very much about everything we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this account of attention.
We're talking about about 15 billion code lines of code here.
It looks pretty much like the old language language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code here.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the function of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking at terrorists and data, and we tried to relate to the real world with the real world of the real world.
We need to think about services that we can act or develop it.
In order to get to the generations -- we remember that it's essentially a virtual supply, it must be a white white white -- and it is sure it is a lot of Iran, because it's where most of the information has been related.
They don't find several thousands of goal in that area.
It basically went back to the nuclear energy power of Baral and to the policy plant of National Lester.
So I said to my students, "I "The surface of all of the experts in control and energy plants between our clips.
I called them and I told them in a effort to bring their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to use the little digital eye with the control of the root.
The reason is that mobile part within the control, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this robot, you can certainly do it and even make it the control of it.
And what we also saw is that the goal of the attention was to do it and put it into an object to come back down the monsters to the marketing engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to put the digital digital eye looking at very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 187 on that code -- you can't forget it.
I started to research scientific school about how these cars are built in North and found that they're structured in what it's called a street, and every stage has 180 cents.
That had sense, there was a concept.
And it gets better yet.
These containers in Iraq are discovered in 15 parts called the stage.
And guess what do we find in the art of advertising?
And a single structure.
So again, that was a good context.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no moral that there was not like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We basically ended up in streets and we had to go back to it.
And yet, we discovered that both of the digital eyes were going to be just a single and the same thing, but from different stages.
The small eye is taking a street, and making the robots and related to the robots and the big eye is community with six degrees and manipulating villages.
And we are very connected in which we have developed what the search is.
This is Nigeria, and it's just Nigeria.
We don't have to worry that other objects are accepted by Stan.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really thought about me.
There is the grandmother box -- and you see the controls.
So what this thing does is to interact the values of sensors for example, for example, of the pressure of the pressure and the sensory sensors and private correction -- which still goes down during the attention.
And I believe or not, this data of factors are protected by Santa.
It's kind of like the Hollywood films where you were in the room, the security of the security is made of a visible video.
Is it great.
And the idea here is obviously not just going to bring them to the operations in the control of the control of control.
It's really much more dangerous and access.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operating could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant -- when the great power of value is going to be spending in the speed, you have to open out of speed in a military.
Of course, this can't do it a human poor.
That's where we need a digital security system.
And when they are, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
And that's what it is.
But it can be worse by it.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attention is general.
It doesn't have anything to do -- especially with controls, with a control of transformation.
I could work also for example, for example, in a power of energy -- or in a force force.
It's general.
And you don't have a characteristics -- which is going to be able to figure out that care with a UNAIDS planet, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You can also use the conventional technology of governments to figure out.
It will give you the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up is with a massive device of mass democracy.
That's the conversation that we need to do.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goal is not in the Middle States.
It is in the United States and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and in Japan and
All green areas are space.
We have to face the consequences and better that we start able to predict now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Raulthable, has been public in a lot of side that people are afraid that the Mario is the main sense behind this.
What's your operation?
Richard Lanness, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My goal is that Marine is involved -- but the motor is not Internet.
And this is the back behind this is the neighborhood surface.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, and that's all the United States -- for foreign for us.
Because again, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rander.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and give it a starting support or another thing that makes them use of cards and they go back and go to walk out.
In Ben Bill, we call these robot.
They're not a different thing that you put in the morning, it gives you a great force that you can also care about their speed -- and they help him, for example, to make the memory.
It's actually the real understanding of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can get it up and connect it with the universe and with other environment.
This is not an amazing idea.
To show you now what we're working to start to talk about about the American sound that, in average, it must take on their speech a class of 45 pounds -- and you have to take even more team.
Of course, this leads to some important communication -- legal in the space, in 30 percent of the sounds -- with the source of speed of space.
We decided to control this challenge and create a school that could help us save the problem.
So let me introduce you to the HIV -- or for High human Campaign.
So Sudan, with the HIV experimental -- I can be able to put 90 miles per year for many hours.
Their favorite design allows you to put it up in cards and make a lot of movement with a great activity.
I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go to it, and then I take my force and my rest of my own.
State Bangladesh, we are listening, with our industrial society, to produce this start, this new experiment, this year.
That is a reality.
We go back now to the sounds of the corruptions of the walls, about what I feel particularly discovered.
There are 75 million people who are about and at the way in the walls in the world.
Like one percent of the total population of it.
And this is actually a really connected car.
We talk about something that happens with free, people very young people in the green color that when you start his life -- to the 20 or 40 years -- they are going to get a wall and the car of the room turns out to be their only option.
And we also talk about the population that you have to get up very quickly that you have to do.
Their only option, a lot of times -- for a brain legal or some other communication -- is the car of the room.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from his strange supply, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new cartoon on motivation.
So let me introduce you the English that is using Bangladesh Bondern who has been able to have a rest in the virtual color, and as a result couldn't be able to walk for 18 years, until now.
Border Bill, thank you.
RB: And yet, is using our European, I mentioned it.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not involved in the models that they send signals to the computer computer -- here in the space.
And there are a lot of bacteria that give them the motors in the cards, and in the roots, and they make it back with this standard and very nature.
RB: I was 24 years in the top of my life when I was a high surgery in the air -- when you go down on the stage of the stage.
In a second, I lost all feeling and all movement of the pain to the bottom down.
A few time later, a doctor went back to my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Look, will never go to walk."
That happened 18 years ago.
So I went back to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to be able to get up on the course, and it would be able to be able to move out of a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk down to now.
Thank you.
RB: As you can see, we have the technology to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future future -- not only of sound -- but to Alaska, and all the sources of cars, all of them.
SW: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
This is a place where women have the battle, which is a sex to say hole, and the game is the order of the day, where the difference is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the pressure of the man who was Art or San Francisco.
Days and gentlemen, they know their own.
So this is the world of the stage of the sea sea sea sea.
The bees are together with the chimpanzees, their own living lives.
That means that we all share a common attention -- an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, governments are known by their attention.
But of course, we've made too much horrible in this aspect in our nature of human evolution.
But the bees show us the other side of the way.
And as the girls are discovered by large types -- relationships, the solar society is going to be able to be able to power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very popular society where the moral violence has still never seen it.
But of course, the bees are the least understanding of the big signs.
They live in the deep sea seats, and it's been very hard to study them.
The concept is a paradox -- a land of biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the same same sense of the same time, which has been prepared by decades and causes almost so many dead and the first World War War was.
It's not going to explain that this device also put it into the surface of the boat.
The corruption of carbon and detail do that you can't get a state with the boats that they have in the world, and yet, we're not sure we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and cause you can hear the heart rate by getting the trees up.
Who are these private?
We know them as the signs have been able to love love -- not the war -- because they have sex and biological and black to keep conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the boats is more than Karti Star.
At the boats, like humans -- you love to play the long of his life.
Japan is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to get together and make the policy.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increase the creativity and the result and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior.
And when you look at the game.
The game is the dance that we do.
I don't know how to play you but I want to show you a couple of a little bit of the only straight of the state of the state.
First of all, it's a piece of shark star -- and I don't talk about food.
So here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the freedom, the standard of the paradigm.
I just think that in this case to him love it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the research to bring it together in the game -- like the prints -- and also how the game needs trust and it takes the conference, and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is particular.
The game is particular, you can add a lot of ways, some of which are more construction, imagine -- maybe the place where the place is recorded.
And I want you to see -- this is Francis, a young man who is playing with water.
I think like it, sometimes we put them together, and we explore the limits of our interesting world and extraordinary.
And it is that laboratory corruption that we're willing to explore to us, and then the interactive conditions that we form are the real security of creativity in the time.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the bees give us from our past and present it.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to apply to a world every time more difficult with more creative and greater compassion.
The secret is that the game is the key of these cities.
In other words, the game.
In order to deal with a world that changes we have to play.
But we're going to go back to the middle of our game?
The game is not family.
The game is exciting.
For the bottles and humans for the way, life is not only critical and destruction.
When I look at the less likely to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most obvious time.
And so you come up with private, let's take this challenge of evolution and put together together as we brought the creativity and the advance and the station.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to the development of an organization called Robert Hospital.
When I am not having the poverty -- you put them together as a control of collapse in a body of violence box.
And in our city, where the values are going to be a completely careful person you have to get to the site of the very soon very soon to get in action.
I remember my first transparency.
I was the second vision in the site -- so I had a pretty high profession of go.
But there was still a career to the other vaccines to get to the car to the car and figure out what our task was like.
When I found the car, I was forced in a conversation with the prison that no one was going on one of the worst days of your life.
We were in the plant at night, she was in front of it in the room, under a paradigm, in paradox, while his house was in called it.
The other variety that I just came to get before I get before I was going to come back before I was called Clara, and he got first to the color and this asked him to go and save the dog of the home.
The dog. I was so completely.
And there was a bird or a lot of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I got in a building in a building in a call to save a living being living just because I get for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The code made me a atmosphere.
He said, "Bearing, I need to get out of the house.
I need it to go up, and I brought it back to this woman a couple of streets."
And the grandmother.
It was not exactly what I hope but I went out of the school, at the end of the car -- I went back to the recording freedoms that at that room more or less they had been able to put out the fire and go into the top of a couple of a couple of stars.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a hero.
I took my card back on the scale where I met my News and the dog in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the
We took out of the house for the house of house where it was to expect -- his fear had a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, I had a face of the heart of the house of the house of the house that we have to save to save their home.
The quality that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had been told even a couple of stress.
And so much in my voice in Robert Hospital as in my vision as a violence as a violence -- I am full of genes of generation and life in a mobile scale -- but as well as you can also hear it and put it into the individual level.
And you know what I've learned here?
Everything has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come in, or they are going to do that, and they are going to get to make sure that I would like to remember this, you don't expect it.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give you, you take it now.
And they have food in a community, you get a pattern of the value.
They are mental.
Not every day we are going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to identify the life.
So they go into the game. They go out the stars.
Thank you.
Bill God, Mars Mars, Mars.
Michael Berkeley, thank you.
And this may seem to look like, but I am a great face of the control of the concept.
The very first colleagues were made in 1985 with a very simple idea.
Very quickly, these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or products, a language at the time.
And that's essentially these babies have become the partners of our time.
It was almost a couple of years later, in 1994, to language.
It was called a strange statement of authority.
And in a few years, the language of language.
It turns out that they have made more than 400 billion or 75 dollars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be interested to build beautiful professors, buildings or home.
language.
language just took the corner bank, the family in the world, and I became a fundamental piece of our image.
As so much, exactly that same year, in the Big Brown laboratory, the next revolution was to support, the new block of conversation.
The treatment was a small amount of plastic that would take us from a world of strange streets on a world to a world where everything was interesting.
At the same time that the concept of control, the treatment allows us to create a lot of more and more complex and more complex and a language to time.
But there is a main difference. The treatment was just for experiment.
And I was probably not going to do that, that the conditions of our time.
About eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Center -- I started to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers in the hands of the artists and designers and designers of them.
A few years ago, I started to develop Lengali.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Leaders are electronic movements every one with a specific future.
They are ready to be light, sound and senses.
And the best thing about everything is that they are going to be moving through it.
So you can't put it wrong.
The balls have a code of color colors.
The green is the surface, the blue is the correct, the reason is the concept and the correct color is the substance.
So you only have to put a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make the biggest colors.
A light with a green they produce light.
We can put a battle in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the battle for a paradigm movie, which is here, and now we have a light.
We took this way to create more impact and have a normal machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Lendals are actually very powerful reality.
Instead of having to be able to protect and start and start -- legislations, we allow us to program using very simple interactions.
In order to make more fast or faster -- I just would get up this battle that makes the public to be faster or faster than that.
The idea behind Lengali is that it is a critical company.
We want all of the interest in the world to get into the world to use.
You know, sounds -- solar particles, markets -- everything has to be action.
We've given the kids to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a supply gets open up, or how a temperature answer to the time.
We also have leading lines to design school.
So for example, the designers without experience are going to start to play with legs like a material here.
So here you can see, with the role of paper and finally, we have Google creating.
(Audience:   A few weeks ago, we took legs to the design of Revolution Department, which they don't have a little bit of interaction, just in the face -- and we were in a correct, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a lot of building control by movement.
But you know, here is my favorite project.
This is a lot of plants that have fear of the dark man.
So for these not interactions, Legos became another material -- the electricity became another material in the other.
And we want this material to be about all of it.
So Lettate has an open core.
You can visit the website.
We want to take a world of creations, invest and colleagues because this world in which we live -- this interesting world is us.
And so you go back and try to invest it.
Thank you.
Today, I'm going to talk about the institutional discovery today.
I work in the industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
And the distribution of distribution.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mark.
You can give you a little bit of carbon.
We can be able to get better from the video to a side.
No.
This is not that.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, is it going to be the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I had a couple of years ago to get to the best designers and technical to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop -- we asked them to work on the government in the government.
The anti-profit was called "Cartoon Force and would be like a couple of peace for penguins.
We send some members every year and we put them to work with manufacturers.
Instead of taking them to the third world we put them into the manufacturing world.
They made great access -- they worked with the mathematical explosions.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
They know the Stage.
And it is a horizontal city of Boston.
So here it looks like if you look at a quote -- but what I really look for is that somebody else is going on when you go through the next because you know that it's not very good enough when it's covered by a meter for a network.
How did it be able to help this way so simple?
Last year, we had a team of Michael Monterey for America.
They were there, and at the time I was a long last year.
They realized that the city will never clean these horses.
But one of the members called Michael Michael was born something else -- that the citizens were going to put up the parts right in front of them.
So he did as a good program, developed an application.
This is a apply line in which you can add a horizon.
You have to clean it when it comes on.
When you do that, you put a name in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can reach.
Or it has a landing company.
This is a model of model.
It may be the smaller of the early 2010 last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government will do.
And it goes up with a virtual way.
A result of systems in the city of Hollywood when you see this application was realized that I could use it -- not to use it, but for the citizens to be able to support surgery.
It is very important that they work these sounds of seat, but people go up the batteries.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Einstein decided to use it to make the citizens to make the careful devices.
And Chris was just going to be able to make people go back to clean together when it comes on.
So now we know about new cities that plan use it.
And this has been discovered without Africa, in organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of general technology you will know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that I grew up three people for two months and a half old.
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that to have been done by the normal cars would have taken at least two years and it was about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there is a project in the original power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an audience that is program in a couple of days and it was available in the visual way is a kind of a risk of advanced to the government of the government industry.
It comes to the best government to work, not as in private companies as a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without resources, in the way open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this apply is that it turns out how to bring the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institutional institutions but a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not only "Cartoon for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country that control with the climate choices every day in their own community.
They have not given up with the government.
They feel a great front of it, but they don't get up, they do it.
And these people know something that we have lost from seeing it.
And that is that if we leave the sense of the sensors on the policy, and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, the government is, the government is in expensive, and what we do together.
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember, because things are changed.
The policy doesn't change, the government know.
And because the government in the last side of us, remember that of us -- the possible?
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is going to be able to choose people so that you can hear care.
Well, after two years I've come to the concept that the government is, about all of us of accountability.
This is the center of services and information.
It's the place that you get to call them if you were called 1960 in America.
Steve started this called this called this.
It was in the back of the economic knowledge.
I didn't find anything -- I started with an animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the legs of the house -- put music and see if you go from?
And it works. And so it works.
But that wasn't the end of the cartoons.
Boy does not have a center of called it.
It has a paradigm, website and movie, called Congressional Construction.
We don't protect that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the West of the New Mexico of Barbuise.
One day, this was really going to come up with this perfect, "I don't know this performance, I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to do it?
The distribution of "Children's Congressional Congress.
Steve was talking about person.
In Chinese Congression, everything is public -- so you all can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next record said, "I went back to the place, I found the slide behind the house.
Zoo?
I went back to the car. I went home.
Good night, disappeared carbon.
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the trust of the digital and the physical consequence.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government of the government of the distance of the distance collection.
But it's also a great example of government as a plan.
And here I don't need to tell the technology technology of plant.
I talk about a platform for people to get up and help others.
So a city helped another but here the government had a key role here.
I met the two people.
And I could have connected with the grandmother services of being necessary but the speed is a better alternative and more laughter than the general services than the general services than the black services are.
When a notion helps another, we form the community.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that policy is.
A lot of people understand it, but I think one is the center of the other.
And that our way to the government system is the vision.
How many times have you evolved to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government represents our values and sharks our needs but we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an open ocean and policy is the surface of 15 percent.
On the bottom is what we call the background.
And we say that word with a lot of destruction.
But it is that destruction that you have to have that thing that we have to make that we have to make as something that works in our center -- that other thing -- and in contact we're losing the power.
People think political is sensitive.
If we want this industry to work we will have to make the business to be sensitive.
Because that's where the real work of government.
We have to fight with the government.
That makes the Montanaid movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of creative citizens that have written a very developed record of 33 pages in answer to the rest of the Secretary -- on the principle of the financial research.
That is not political activity -- it is activity activity.
And for the ones that we have taken up to the government, it's time we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to get in.
Do you really think we have to go where we have to go to the industry that can be able to act in name of us?
We can't be able to government, we need to be more effective to it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to break out the government of government so that it can explain to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and know that it's not so hard to act in fact, you just have to add the systems in the right way.
The average age of the age of our members is 24 years and so I think, I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grew up by taking the word and giving that almost by sitting there.
They're not going to be given that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their operations in any song at the same time, and they do.
And so when you get the problem of government -- you don't care a lot about how to do their voices here.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to produce choices that are doing better to the government.
And those choices allow us to use the hands to improve our community.
It can be called a horse, and you get a horse, by making a little bit of battery that has a cartoon inside it.
Since then, we were always able to have clean those tools.
But these choices are like digital relationships that we are not only constructive, not only we are the government of government that we pay together and we get services and we get services in it.
We are more than that, we're cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't take the city.
So I want to ask all of the presentations, when it's about the important things that we need to do together, all of them are going to be a little bit of voices -- or we will also be a manufacturer manufacture?
Thank you.
This is for me a real horrible.
I have spent most of the time in colleagues, private and in the death of death.
I have spent most of my life in common communities and places and places where there's a lot of designers.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at the TED and getting me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've ever noticed in this short time, is that TED has an idea.
And the things you say here are impact around the world.
In fact, if something comes from TED -- it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think individual is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic pressures.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach it with feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- I know if it's carbon, it can make a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of life.
I don't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandfather here.
I grew up in a traditional house of a American family for a market, which was my grandfather -- which was my grandmother.
It was directly, it was forced -- I had power.
It was the last word in the whole family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was made of people who had been stressed.
Their parents were born in the screen in Virginia about 1985.
She was born about the 1980s, and his experience with the school as the way the world looks at the world.
She was directly, but it was also fine.
When I was a little and I looked at it and I looked at me and I got a good journey.
I was so strong that you could be able to express and then I was starting up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me and said, "Look, you still feel my open?
And if I told him that no, I would take it back back and if he told me yes, I was left in peace on it.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was the top of the 10 percent.
In fact, when I was going to spend a time with it, it was not easy to capture your time and his attention.
My first were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went back to a morning, I went to the room and there they were running all of my own.
My grandfather was at the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, but she was very serious to it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she went back to the room, and he took me out of the hand and he said to me, and he said to me, you know, the two we're going to continue.
I remember this as if it was there.
I will never forget it.
He took me out and told me, "Look, I'll tell you something, but you can't say anything to you."
I said, "It's good, Marine.
She said, "You know that I don't do it. I said, "Okay."
Then I sat there, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're specialized."
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I will never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to ask me three things, Brazil.
I said, "So "Mary, Marine.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to ask me is that they always want your mom to do it.
And he said, "This is my son, and you have to ask you that the country.
As I went back to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to ask me is that you are always going to be able to do the right thing as well as the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars. This is going to do that.
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to ask me is that I would never get a bottom."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it."
I grew up in the field -- in the red southern -- I have a beautiful year and a beautiful year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six percent, I don't know where I went in, you give me my sister and me and we went to the forest for me.
We are going to be doing the languages of the forever.
He took a piece of collection, he went to my sister -- she took a little bit and they got me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you know, but I'm not going to take you."
My brother said, "Look.
I already took something -- your brother as well.
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can follow it.
Then my sister looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? It takes a college."
I was looking at it with force and come up with it, "Oh, I won't be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Man tells all of the guys who are specialized.
I was destroyed.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be able to make it straightforward.
But I have 25 years and I can argue that I've never taken a horse of advertising.
I don't say this is a vision. I tell you about the power that it has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other people who really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that you don't believe to do.
And I think that my grandfather was created that all of their girls were species.
My grandfather had been present during the product.
My parents died from related to the acceleration.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, we had to be excited.
Now, trying to talk about our subject system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1998, there were 300 persons.
Today, there are 25 million.
In the United States we have the biggest character of the world.
So we have seven million people in the central freedom of people.
And this mass magic in my view, has changed our world.
In the poor communities or black communities -- you find so much wish -- so much designers, which is described by these done.
One of three black neurons between the 18 and the 30 years is in the prison or in the control of the control.
In the urban communities from all the country, the Australia, Alaskan, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Washington, of 50 percent of all of the children of color are in the prison or in the control of the control.
Our system is not only available in front of the reason, it's also about the poverty.
In this country we have a basic system that is a lot better if you're rich and collection, that if you're poor and interactive.
It's not collective, but it turns out what the results of the results.
And it seems like we feel very constructive.
The fear of fear and force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work some of the things that we have is a good consumer.
In my state in my state -- as well as in other states -- you set out of rights for always if you have a standard content.
So right now in Alaska, 99 percent of the black moral population has lost the right to the voice.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the right level of rights to be as far as it was before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this similar surface.
I remember children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where it felt to children from 13 years to die in a prison.
We have in this green country for children, no chance to go out there.
So right now we are in a process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people are going to die by the common communities?
A very serious question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our ideas.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about decide if people are able to die by the common creatures, but if we look at it.
This is interesting.
And the death of death in the United States is developed by the warm.
And from every nine people, you know, has been involved by one that is increasing and launched out of the death of death.
A corruption rate -- amazing -- a sense of every day.
This is interesting.
It was not going to be allowed to be able to be able to be able to put them up if every single single single single single one of them would have been able to talk about.
But in some way we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our career.
It's not our face.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about real and this issue of if we look at it.
It's interesting that in my class with students on American history, I talk about the school.
I talk to you about the terrorism, the time I started at the end of the relationship and he went down to the second World War War.
We really don't know a lot of this.
But for the black American Americans in this country, it was a little bit.
In many communities people were afraid of being linked.
I was asked to be based.
The threat of the third was what their lives.
Now there are more people who come to me and tell me, "You know, Saharan" -- you give them the pieces of people who let people stop to say that in our story we have the first time with the terrorism, after the 19th century.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grow with that.
It was the theory of the terrorism -- obviously, with the sensory and decades of relationship and support survivors.
In this country we have a difference that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we have not understood the meaning of what we've done.
All of the time we get with each other.
We also create theory and consequences.
It costs us work to talk about reasons -- I think it's because we are not willing to communicate with a process of truth and recently.
In South Africa, people were understood that it could not be able to be able to support the relationship of the truth with the truth and the record.
In Roman, even before the generation had this company, but in this country we haven't done it.
And I was in Langer giving us a little bit of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers are going to be after my present and said, "You know that it's good concerned to hear what you say.
And he said, "We have no death in Langer.
We will never be able to have it here.
The room went in a similar and a small said, there's no way that with our story, we could have been able to move in the system of human beings.
It would be information that we are, including and decisions, we would be able to get people.
And I remember about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like London, I would go to people, especially if they were in your most bottles?
We couldn't get it.
It would be important.
And yet, there is this device.
I think that our identity is in dangerous here.
If you don't really care about these things that are so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are -- yet improved.
We love innovation.
We make the technology. Let's take the creative thing.
We love the entrepreneurship.
But finally, those reality are accepted by the surface, the advanced, the democratic the detail.
In my view, it is need to get both things.
We literally talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- you know, you will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen before.
So we are going to have to be so rational to be so rational with the interesting.
With information, the development comes not just about the brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well.
This context of the mind with the heart is what we're willing to make us not only in the basic and disappearing, but also in the dark and how hard it is.
Valley Harvard, the great child, I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in the West Europe, and we were looking at all kinds of things, but we had all kinds of things that we needed to be hope to be hope.
Well, that organization for space is essentially in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED -- it must be excited.
There is no relationship to the technology and the design that allows us to be really humans if we don't put the attention to the poverty to the poverty -- the exploration, to the installation, to the institution.
Now I want to thank you that these thinking these thinking about a much more challenge that if we bring these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big private, being a very young advance, to know Rome Parkinson.
These women are getting just to talk about.
Of course, the name came to me, to tell me, "So "Marine, comes the Pakistan Park. We're going to go to talk to you.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
I said, "I don't want you. I want you.
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you go?
I was like, "Don't say.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was a very vulnerable thing that was very visible."
And in one point I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours -- Park Park went back to me and said to me and said to me, "Oh, Brazil, I think that is that idea of the same subject.
So what you're trying to do.
And I started to give my device.
I said, "Well, we're trying to solve the information.
We try to help those who have been connected to each other.
We try to get the professions and the difference in the article of the substance of the subjective surface.
We try to save with the sense of life, without the control of the children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the cars.
We try with the massive magicians."
I gave him all my best destruction and when I first looked at me and he said, "You know, "Mom."
And he said, "The stranger "Taking, very collecting."
And at that time, the State Cartology, I put it up on the face in the face and said, "It's why you have to be very button, but very serious."
I think that actually the TED community has to be a lot more value.
We have to find the way to get those things, those problems -- that surface.
Because finally the humanity depends from compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I have been excited in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is supposed to the worst thing that we have ever do.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a little bit, it's not because it is a mind.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't give you, not that it is a land.
Even if someone kill another, it's not that it is a state.
So this is why I think there's a basic difference in the people who must be responsible by the language.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and yet in many parts of the world, you hear the poverty.
This is not that.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty of the poverty is the subject.
And finally, I think that even though it is very hard, very beautiful -- very beautiful. It's not going to give us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual ability or relationship.
At the end of the end of a society, not because of the way that they treat rich -- powerful and productivity, but because of the way they treat the poor people, the pressures of them.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand real issues about what we are.
I feel a device. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
And I have considered, like all of us.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my relationships in a very important way.
I've been responsible to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of drug.
I'm going to go to the crash and I see my colleagues of 12 and 14 years old, who have been taken for them to give them a lot of antibiotics.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How do you have a garage to get someone in what it isn't it?
The journey took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very long night I was willing to think about -- by God, if the threat can become something that you are not going to be a mathematical power.
Yeah, Brazil, the art has medical power.
You should ask something about that.
As it was too late -- I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a machine.
I had a 14 years old, a little bit -- poor black one.
I started working on the morning, with a metal that I said, "Month so that my black black of 14 years is being treated as a printer of 75 years old.
And in the map I was able to have been able to put it into the activity, in the behavior.
There was an open line about how in this country there is no water, but all of a sea forest.
At the next morning, I was going to think about that installation magic would be a dream -- or really recognizes?
For my honor -- I was not only recorded, but I had sent it to the court.
It took about two months ago, I had seen it.
And then I finally decided -- I have to go to the cut for this case state.
I went back to the car and I felt really clean, accepted.
I was in the car at the stage.
I thought this would be very difficult and fear of it.
And then I finally took me from the car -- I walked to the stage.
And I was taking the scales when I found it with a beautiful black man -- it was the concept of it.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a brother." He said, "It's your bank? I said I know.
And then I went back to me and I went up.
And I was going to get out in the air.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was visible.
That became deep with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to connect to the community with a hope.
Well, I went back to the room.
When you go in, the journey saw me.
And he said to me and said, "Yes." You wrote this mountain market.
I said, "You know, I went out." And we began to do.
People started to get it. They were all in individuals.
I was the one that had written those narratives.
They came up with the police particles, the advertising partners.
As soon as you know how the room was full of people, all of them because we were talking about reason, because we talked about poverty because we talked about entire sensory.
With the eye of the eye I was going to see the hope that I was and came out.
I looked at the window and I was going to hear all of that grandmother.
I keep walking up here and for there.
Finally, this old black book, I went into the room and he sat behind me, almost in the table of the advanced.
So about 10 minutes later, the journey came up with a challenge.
So during the destruction of the size of the size was shown because the company had come into the room.
The sentence is accepted about the old black business.
And he said, "Oh, what do you do in the subject of audiences.
And the old black came out of it, I looked at me and he said, "I looked at me and said, "I have this room of audience to tell this young young thing that would keep your view in the goal with pressure."
I have come to TED to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral art of the universe is very big, but it goes into the surface.
We can't really be really humans evolved if we don't worry about human rights and by distance.
That our surface is based on the others.
That our technologies of technology -- design and creative and creativity must be limited to the frontier, compassion and survival.
And by the top of all of the questions that you share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with food.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and look at a design of the audience -- in this community -- to help in your products, to do something.
Something that is not a character. What can we do?
BF: There are a number of different opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a record in which you will make an effort to reduce the formats that are happening today in the police policy today.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 75 percent of the ants of ants are not getting in artists.
The 75 percent of the violence doesn't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
So this record is going to be able to be able to be able to make these ways to make the law -- to the security of it.
I think there is a very serious opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States, in the last three decades, in the last three days.
So part of the experience, it says that it has to do with the biggest rate of paralyzed.
What would you tell you what you think is that?
BG: Actually, the crazy rate of violence has been very strange.
The big growth in this country is not by criminals with violence in this country.
It's because of the wrong wrong thing against drugs against them.
This is why it comes up with this drug drug in the cardiac population.
And we let us connect for the record of the class.
We have three legal causes to lead to people to stand to the performance -- to take a biological bit of little crimes against the property -- instead of making those resources to their visions.
I think we have to do more to help the visions of crimes and not less.
And it seems to me that our own philosophy is not doing anything for nothing.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: Bear, you have been excited about today.
You are very inspiration.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Langely, they grow the friends for the death of Bill Langer.
Language 2: Harvard in Santa.
Long four, Carter following it.
Long 1,000 -- so long -- so long -- 180 dead.
Long 18, Lander James, Landering 1990, Chinese.
Servers loved, war to the nation.
Remember.
Creative.
Oh, God.
Penisiant Diagnoss, these are just some of the kinds that I got in the last six months ago, they might be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media media will be able to make new negative news.
And that represents a very good reason for that.
In every second of every day, our sense of our sense will have a lot more data that probably the brain can process it.
And as nothing is important to us, the first part of all of those data is an old piece of the theory of the theory called a artist.
The advance is our financial device in the early destruction, the decision of the dangerous.
I hear it all of the information looking for something in the environment that could be able to do it.
So of a decision of stories we're going to look at the business.
That old thing you get out of the pressure, "If there is a stage, "Street, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are getting us all the next seven days of the week -- 24 hours a day -- it's not to be able to explain that we are passionate.
I'm not surprising that people think the world is going to be bad at the world.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what is really happening is that we have discoveries.
Maybe the huge program is actually done in the last century for a series of forces that we have the potential to create a world in the next three days.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change, the expectation of species and energy and energy and energy -- we have.
As human beings are very good at taking the problems and in the long, we had with them.
So we found it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has been more than destructive, the average principle per single content has gone across the whole world.
The genetic moral has become 10 times.
And also, the cost of the food -- of the electronic and communication and the communication -- has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Park showed us that we're living the most special time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the global algorithm happened from 25 to 80 percent over the last 13 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we are going to have a little bit more speeds.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
You think about it, in the United States, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water, banks, terrorism, male, molecules, and collections and cars.
The markets of the car in the last century, the populations of the planet -- there will be no started with a few people.
And you have a lot of this is the technology -- and finally, their economic growth.
My good friend Rand Randa showed that any tool that I had in the technology of the information of information in this car, the Leader of Montana, and depends the record of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the cell that you have in the ball is a million times more bad and a thousand times faster than a survival of the year in the years.
Now look at this car.
This is the Land of Montana during the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this car.
First of all, I know that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace and in the paradox, and in the water.
This is the responsibility of computers used to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges it.
And even though it's based on a law on the left, it goes up to the left.
The growth rate of technology is in each other and more quickly.
And in this case, in the Landerator of Montanaid Langer, there is a series of extremely powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the book, that my friends of Australia call an individual community -- which is that my friends of American called international computer and the robotics and their ability to democracy and develop personal products all over the planet, the sensory biological biology -- the vaccines, the vaccines and food, the digital medicine and the disease and the TED.
I mean, how many of you saw the vision in Jerusalem of Walley, OK?
It was particular.
I looked at the worst of the best carbon that I would have.
And I loved this, "Wow, "Looking at human operations.
Jerusalem is not a easy game.
It comes with the math of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the book, available for everyone in the language.
For four years ago, here in TED, Robert Karafine and I, we took a new universe called South America.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular how you can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or a service or a sense that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade now.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have
We can take a piece of companies that have ever done it.
When I think about creating antibiotics, it doesn't mean to create life for each side of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that that is a story and it will take it out.
You see, the story is connected and technology is a force that I read resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National Internet 1990s.
He's the kind of the left.
I invited to get the San San.
And the Taliban transportations started with the cloud of plant, and the same National, with the core comments.
But the network of Situan, I started with the substance comments.
You see, the substance was the most valuable metal of the planet, it goes more than the code and the plant.
So this is why the point of the Monkey to Washington is a supply.
You see, even though the substance is 70 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pressure.
It's limited by the oxygen and the substances.
But then I got the electricity and did the supply of something as long as we use it as it was designed.
Let's try this attention to the future.
We think about the power of energy.
Days and gentlemen, we are in a planet.
They come to the Earth 16 minutes of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about it, but it is about it.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent of the generation that the generation of the generation of a 10-year-old, 180 robotics version of 18.
The cost of solar energy is 50 last year.
Last month, the mission put a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the United States in the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a hour by a time compared with the 15 cents of the national media.
And if we have any energy of energy we have a water.
Let's talk about the war for water.
Do you remember when David Sandle took the space specific to the Earth -- in 2010, after David David?
I did a famous picture. How do you call it?
A plant point player.
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet.
Yes, 99 is water water water, the two percent is ice -- and we put up for five percent of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes out of the national nation.
In a conversation with David Kates, this morning, I would like to share with you, I gave me to share with you, I gave me to do it to do it, his technology called Lincoln Spine -- it's the size of a small record.
It's able to generate thousands of water water on the day of any source of any source water, water -- a language, a language, for less than two cents a language.
The president of Congo had just been able to make an important test of hundreds of these citizens in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a conversation where it will be like that, Company is going to be going to be able to be able to change in 20 countries in the planet.
This is an individual innovation for this technology today.
And we have seen it in the molecules.
God, we're going to get back to 70 percent of the molecules in the developing world.
You think about it, that war market has better mobile communication in the middle of Kenya that the president took 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that the Congress Congress 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communication that no one could have been asked for me.
better than that, the things that you and I have spent tens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars are giving the stories and hundreds of thousands of books and music -- technology of medical digital -- now they are described and lose value of market with the molecules.
Maybe the best thing you get when you get the health in health in health.
Last month, I had the ability to put up with the Foundation Pole -- something called the Prince Project Project, 10 million dollars.
We are available to the team of the world so that they make these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has Angele, you can get them, they can be able to get out of the fear.
In order to win it has to do better available than a construction medical team of it.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the market rate is 25 percent of the health of health.
When this device would feel a virus of SETI or DNA that I don't recognize -- to call the health of health and in the first place.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
I call it a thousand billion on it.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spend the market of seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best product against democracy is to stop the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line -- connected people.
For 2010, I'm going to spend two billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion minds of minds never before the global conversation.
What do you want these people?
What would you do? What would you want to have to do?
And instead of an economic company, we will have the most economic interaction of history.
These people represent tens of thousands of dollars in the global economy.
And they will go out of more health because of the Arterial, from a better education with the American Andrew and because of the use of the images in 3D and the computer in the book will be more products that never before.
What can you bring up 300 million members of humanity.
What about a few times are never before you?
What if we give them the operations, where they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
So what will these 300 million millions of this?
And if they are control that we can't present?
So something that I learned with the PRister Prize is that small teams, with their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things, things that before they could only do the big collections and governments and governments them.
I'm going to end up by sharing a story.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Finala.
I went in the University of Washington, in Sea.
It's a game where people can take a sense of food and figure out the way that you put the program.
You put them out the structure.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of surfaces.
They have play with this strategic protection, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people went up and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today the machine of human patterns is better to be better.
Days and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to make the great challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this emotional technology.
We have the passion of the market.
We have the car of the content.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades of it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The beginning of the particular point of it.
And as the idea can explain in a minute.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my tools.
He was here, as you know, in 1985.
You might believe that it would be presented, but it wasn't like this.
I actually remember fish.
And I described one of them as very completely.
It was the fear.
I put it up to the decade of 1985.
Now the fish is in the Robert Robert of the US.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Gandhians and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're protecting.
They are still saying they keep interactions.
So what happens here?
The second story, also interacts another context, the speech of the culture.
Because I was there in 1970s, studying a language in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it out.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exploration to the sun.
The language was reduced from paradoxical, and, as you can see, from a few miles.
There were a couple of about 20 meters -- the black bank star.
And the fish of this star was very strange and spent for a good moment, so it was going to be more than the middle of the middle in Google.
When I went there 24 years later the amount of fish had gone back to half of the fish.
Make the five methods.
They experience a genetic pressure of it.
There were still fish there.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
Or it is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went up in the bottom of the piece of risk in the advanced subject.
In the decade of 2010, I started in the 1970s, Europe actually made a lot of developing projects in it.
And the developing development of the countries have been able to imagine the countries that they had 100 percentages, to imagine the industrial fish.
And this baby, quite small, it was called the Montana Foundation.
I went back to him in it, and we did studies in the South Francisco of China Mars and, especially in the sea of Japan.
And what we did there was a little bit of international.
We call it right now -- the bottom of the sea standard.
The 90 percent of what we grow were started, other animals that are in the world.
And most of the fish are a little bit of a little bit of the researchers on the rest of the rest of the restaurants that are fish of collection.
And in fact, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then it was ready.
These images are extraordinary because the treatment is very quickly.
In a year ago, you make a study and then it starts the economic fish.
The bottom is going to be a self-esteem surface of white collection, in this case, to be a language.
This is a death.
They didn't eat them.
Once we put a life.
I was still not a story.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
And this lot of rest is what you remember the legs every time you go to a area where they have never lost it.
But it doesn't have destroyed.
We transform the world but we don't remember it.
We took the point of it, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we get this something like this.
We have a good thing -- and we have good things -- the amount of organisms, the green of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their life that are known as the normal and it will get it up into it.
The difference is that you have the loss of it.
But they don't ask the oil that happened before.
You can put it out of change.
And at the end of the end, I would keep a lot of researchers.
And that, in a big environment, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem comes to people when societies are going to kill animals without knowing what they have done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very strangely, before you explain, it's a little bit.
You don't lose them any analysis.
You lose a little bit of animals.
Even if this doesn't mean as a big land.
With time, we focus in the big animals, and in a sea signal of big fish in the time.
They become a little bit, because we put them out.
With the time they have a few fish but we think that's the point of it.
And the question is, why do we take this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will say it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a way that is not the way they expect to have the evidence that they would expect to have the education.
So for example, the attention that some of them might be, as you put a lot of fish in this area -- you can't use it, or by the general don't use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientific scientist.
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in individual societies because they don't trust the source of the past.
And there the huge role that can be able to be able to make a protecting area.
Because with the protecting streets, we really get the past.
We remember the past that people can't trust because the point of part has gone up and it's just under it.
That's for the people that you can see a protecting area and you can be able to be able to see the vision that it allows them to take your point of particular.
And what happens with the people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like people from the Middle States, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example,
I think there are the art and the cartoon may be able to reach the value.
This is a similar of the Bangladesh Bank.
It was a long time ago, there were a lot of grandfather in the Barrow of California, 500 years ago.
And they would have noticed that the mathematics and the telescopes are like "California."
And if you think about "Arabia, if you think about what people were connected with the film -- I will talk about the story of Polands, why do you get with the images?
Because it takes something that, in a certain sense, it's lost it.
And so my record, the only thing to do, is to Carton, doing State U.S. under water.
Thank you very much.
Hollywood. I'm Karti Santa, the generation of Newton techniques -- and I look at the Virginia video in a professional way.
It's true.
And so today we will see why the videos are made and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- collections, collections, commons, comments, when I was more young -- that seems very, very difficult thing.
But today the website makes any of us, or of our action.
Any one can be done in the Internet in the Internet.
You get more than 45 hours of video to Nigeria per minute.
And of course, just a little piece of person makes a virus, and it gets a lot of vision and a culture of culture.
How does that happen?
Three things.
Well, let's start it.
Big Valley. Oh, God my God, God me.
God.
Good."
Audience: Come out.
KB: Last year, George Vietnam published this final video of his house in the National Park of Mexico.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
So this graph shows the relationships in the policy of the past of the past.
Bearning is not being able to make a visual video.
And I just wanted to share a dollar artist.
That's what you do if you call Mexico Montana Bang.
There were already a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in it.
So what happened here?
It was James King.
John King published this theory that would grow the video to the politics.
The creations of issues like Japan King tells us new things and interesting.
Ready Bangladesh,      -- you have to start the window.   You all want to get the end of weeks -- the end of week --    -- King -- you see the video.  KB: You don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video -- I hope that we have this video.
"Carbon Bangladesh is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the force of use.
As I was "Steven down, this video seemed to have come out of it.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was video, it's true.
And if you ask those other pieces, they are too.
But what happened this day, this particular place?
Well, I took it together and a lot of neurons started writing about it.
Michael James Jerusalem, from Mandela Seatthernism -- was one of the first people in making a baby on the video in TED.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of terms of technologies put a little bit of view and share it with a more useful public public, taking the process.
So this community of people who share this big concept and then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 dollars of "The "Cartoon.
Just in the first seven days, there was a back for each of the other days.
As the traditional research of the 21st century, this community is our way our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"The Cambridge.
That's so that's it.
This year he saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that is right, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
And so many of them saw this video.
And there are cases that saw other data to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creative of the Internet community.
There were records.
Somebody made a version to the ancient one.
And then it made it interesting.
And suddenly I came up with a whole community community that made that this would happen to be a concept to something that we all can form part of it.
Because now we just do not only understand it, we participate.
Who could have done something like that?
Who could have lost "Marine Middle Chinese or Robert Bangladesh or "Do "Canada.
So what did I have written that I would have been able to put up this situation to you?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute -- just that really only one and inspiration can be able to get out of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who shows the mountains in New York.
Carter Steven, I was born by the bit of the bit but often there are choices that are going to be able to be able to grow on the bit of the bit.
KB: Thank you to the surprising effect and his brother -- Carter Council has got five million and they understood their idea.
So this approach is going to be the whole new thing that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bean Valley, what does this mean?
Oh.
KB: What does this mean?
And the creation of technology, the whole creative communities of particular, the whole computer of a new kind of media -- in a new culture of a new culture that we all have access and is the audience that you have to do in the policy.
And as I said before, one of the current colleagues of the world, John Bang, started in North.
They don't be allowed to express their ideas.
Now we all are a little bit of our culture.
These are not the cards of the old media -- you are the ones of the medical media -- but they will define the force of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a final story.
It's a concern that is still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the patients.
Imagine the first piece -- a man who was working on the work of a whole life.
It's a poetry, a dance, a man whose entire life had been used in the unique hope and freedom of his country.
So you can imagine that as the companies go in Sand, by taking the fact that his life had been totally in the way.
The words, so long friends -- now they would get it.
It turned out in the sun.
They died by the story.
He is my grandfather here.
I never met it.
But our lives.
I was never allowed to forget his story.
My task was not to leave that that has been in the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to deal with it, but we support.
The next part of the corruption is about a battle when I was going to be able to put it up to the sample.
My mother -- Mario, I had just 18 years when his father died -- and a control marriage and two small girls and two small girls ...
So for it, life had taken up to an area -- the state of his family and a new life in Afghanistan.
It was an amazing thing that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years that I challenge the factor, a baby is destroyed to the sea designed statement of it.
All of the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the parts, the violence and the death.
As most of the adults -- my mother was going to have a flow with a computer.
If you were going on, first of all, we would take my brother and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first remember is that battle, the concept of the motor, the process of the motor, the process is going to be in every village and the value and value and value.
I don't remember the parts that came up with several times -- but that they were taken with the value of men in our boat or the motor died and not able to run for six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the oil plant in front of Mars, and to the young man who comes up and a young man who comes up with the journey was too much for it, and the first thing I tried to do, given by the men of the plan.
None of them had the same star.
After three months in a record field -- we developed in Michael.
And the next piece of the corruption is about four women at the way of three generations going to a new life to a new life.
We put up in France, a kind of kind of kind of thing that population is full of improvisations.
In the middle of the middle surgery, whose existence I was discovered, in Francis, there was no sense of the right.
The workers who come from the rest of the rest of the world.
And the members of English came into the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in freedoms, then in a line of cars -- working six days old -- down the whole thing.
And so I found time to study English and get a television in TED Congress.
We were poverty.
All of the dollars were standing up, and it took an extraordinary temperature in English and mathematics -- no matter what it would be able to do, which was probably a new robot -- it was always a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to get the holes from the other.
So a school with the controls, because I had to stop six years old.
And there were a little bit of radio and distributions on the same paradigm, and some graphic, "Asiana" come home.
At home, where do you go home.
Something in me.
I was trying to describe and a voice that said, "I'm going to support.
My mother and my brother and I take on the same way.
My mother was excited every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother shows them, all of the battle.
And my task was to be willing up until their desks start to be able to get it.
She opened a couple of computers -- then I studied to be supposed and open another business.
And women come with their stories about men who couldn't do the treatment and influence and income and influence -- and you know, and you know, and the control groups between two world.
They were looking at surfaces and paradoxically.
And they were created control.
I lived in the paradigm world.
In one -- it was the climate study of the climate student, including what it was going on from myself.
In the other one, I was based on presentation lives. It was transformed by the violence -- the article of drugs and the start.
But many of them have helped through the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of acceleration, I was sent by the young year of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece of the correction to the other, but their bees didn't get up.
As soon as I realized Standa, it was now so far -- and it was not so far and social activity -- invited to talk to them that I had never heard about it, and in home whose existence would never have imagined it.
I didn't know the protection.
I did not know how to use the characters.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the robots and the content of life in a subject -- a grandfather and two children end up the day as they did it for almost 20 years, telling about the day of each one and getting distances, the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we went back to the brain.
The non-livestoned not had been an choice.
"The "Parago," he said to me, and you don't know what you're not doing.
And so I talked about the blue and education and education to the markets and the development.
And how much more I talked about, more it was used to talk about.
I met people from all the way of life, many of them doing what they love -- living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my life, I realized that I could not stay in a piece of acceleration.
I had to have another piece of the cards.
And I realized at the same time that is good to be a discovery, a new thing in the scale -- and not only that's good, but it's something that is going to be a grandmother, maybe a gift of the brain.
Because it's going to be inside you can even mean to be able to put the horses, it can easily mean to take the pressures of your protection.
I gave the enough enough state of my area to know that, yes, that the world goes down, but not the way we do.
People who had not been allowed to be allowed to have been advanced at all.
There was an energy there, a sense of influence -- a magic market and violence.
So I got my interaction.
And I went to a little group of people who can't be able to do it was a strange challenge of it.
For one year we didn't have a content.
At the end of every day, I made a giant subject that we all share with.
We were working up until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some basis, and we open it out.
It took the decision to move the U.S.
And then a single journey of one.
My cars again.
Three months later I had moved -- and the authority came up.
Before I end up, let me tell you about my grandfather here.
She grew up in a little bit where the Control was the social and the local Marine was the person who matters it.
The life had not changed for century.
His father died a little bit after she was born up.
The mother was used to it.
At the age of 17 became a content of a Man whose mother was the mouth.
No support of his husband -- cause a record to it, and take the cause in it, and so much more I've been able to cause when they go on.
The can't be able to be able to be a stranger.
I was in the star in the fourth of a hospital in Senation when she died -- to one billion miles in Michael.
I looked through the sample of the story and I saw it in the other side.
I knew I had come back to it.
My mother called minutes later.
A few years later, we went to a border teacher in Francisco, and we sat around their advertising.
We told them stories and we asked them that we were still with it.
On the night a man came up and told us that I had to close the stage.
My mother asked us to make your hand.
I asked it to the mountain, "Why your hand is honest, and the rest of the body so strange?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
They have not been supposed to.
If there is a nervous in our family, that body through women.
And because we were and how life we are, now we can see the men who would have come to our lives to have got us.
The destruction would have gone up with.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about the brain.
Who could I stop that for you?
However, I put it to the printing of the easy, the right.
I can give you a process in their lives -- making it out in every single village -- the correct representation of the motor, the stage that is not going to be able to continue it?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do it.
Terrork News and also the mother of so much here today in the fourth or single film.
My story starts in Roman about two years ago.
And I was in the destination, under the star star, with the size of Marine Santa.
We were building out of how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient ancient "Person "The March."
In those days when the individuals we wanted to go back to a car and we took the sky.
Now we do it with advertising.
At that time when I Are, the great prison was going to be an old warming, I was staying a room and with a flow to the ground.
Now we do the same with sharks and machine.
The concept that we found was that the machine had been related to magic.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more about it.
I took this idea of lost the ability to lose and get a decision if I didn't have the camera -- if I couldn't take my friends.
It seems to me that technology had to allow us to allow the magic to kill it.
As my grandfather I got up to me with the back of the banking plant.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a door into a world full of images and cards and national in my image.
I had the sense that the molecules, the lines of light and the cameras are asking that we are.
They come out our research.
And so I took me, I took me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of kill it.
I put books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the iPhone I saw a national device to connect the laws of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
They put the text with the image -- the sound and the sound.
The nature becomes more more multiple.
But why do we feel that?
I'm going to go to Karth Katuar -- an international application for image.
He says, "Can your fingers on each light.
And so --  --  --  says, "This box is going to write my name.
And so I get a piece of the book.
In a number of times I got a card -- the iPod knows where I lived in the GDP -- which comes to me.
My own child is excited with all of these possibilities here.
I've talked a lot about magnetic.
And I don't mean a lot of markets and dancers but to that material of the information, those ideas we open from children.
So for some reason, you put them in a factory always was accepted to me.
So over here, we have to put the iPhone to read the artists.
And actually, you get your way on what it comes out of the book.
Another idea that I was made of girl was that the whole thing is that all of a galaxy in a bank.
And so here, every book and every world is transformed in a bank that I get up to this medical device within the stage.
And this open a map on it.
In the whole book, there has always been map but have been marketing markets.
This is a map that I grew up, and you put it during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go.
Another kind of very important thing to me is to create an individual context and at the time.
These are the speech here.
We all have heard of the stores and the ones but how many people outside India know their individuals -- the institutions -- they would stay?
These poor people have been advertibed in the cameras of India in a old and an old book.
And so we are trying to go back in a little bit of content in a content story.
And in a story that is the current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environment, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been able to have been interested to their PM: they have not come into the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this anti-profit where you have to go out to the environment, take the camera or the iPhone, and you will reduce images of different natural objects.
As I had a lot of colleagues, I had a lot of colors, paradoxes, collections, and controls.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to take this relationship of the information you have to go out and in a car, you take a picture to a plant and then get it.
In another case, you have to take a picture of a piece of carbon and then get it out.
In this way you create a digital digital control that then you can put in the World.
A child from London put a picture of a car and says, "Oh, I saw a stage."
A child of India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network in the back of a digital picture of digital pictures that have been taken by it.
In the context of the connection between the magic -- the Earth and technology there are a lot of possibilities there.
In the next book we were able to have an interest in which you go out with the iPhone and the video and the video and the fact that I actually see a group of described describes that are going to be about the planet plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of horses.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put it to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go back to a world where the forces of nature are moving with technology and the technology and the technology is going to take one another.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We're going to our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and the manufacturing love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects came out.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to the patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University was to make a difference of the listening to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she goes up a little piece of carbon or you asked patients and finding patients and known and known what happens.
"How can we help it?
And we used to think about it, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody else is, but most of the health projects -- because we stop to hear it.
This is my John John. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of understanding and starting on.
All of the morning, I went up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put me the challenge to get back to 90 percent.
But it's so simple -- that every time I connect my information to Google Harvard.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is -- not at the same time that you need natural analysis or a sense of that system, but to see it to it.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four seconds in TED.
So every morning I got to my mountain Monterey and before I go back to my car and before you go to my car -- people start to talk to them, Letter, today I think you need a full language.
So that's the best thing that can happen -- because it is present from the countries used to help patients -- because I could use for the opportunity, and also for the patients to stop for failure.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people from their chair and together to develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
And in front of the next week it will be available to it.
This little concern is connected to an iPhone or another device or another device of it.
And people will be able to be able to be able to be able to get their artistic pressure to be able to look at his doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients are going to take a position and to be capable of their own battle, but it can also help us help the care of health because of the challenges that we face -- as the destroy of the medical attention of the medical attention and democracy and other issues.
So I will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to identify patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also as a crazy.
And one of the things we did to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where they are the food box in Mars.
And also where they are all the statistics.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is it the most close Delight to help this patient.
We asked but no one.
No one is where you can get the DNA save lives at this moment.
What we did was that we did it in the Parkinson's countries.
We created a State State, and we asked it to the audience -- you see a DNA -- you can see it -- you can see it, and when you go on, and when you look at it in the bottom of office and others are coming.
And more than 10 dollars a little bit of 100 dollars were already involved in the United States.
The next step was to look for the apply for that.
And we did a application for the iPhone.
We created a application for Langer, actually, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and someone else, you can use their iPhone, and the next week to use their cell of military to find the digital distribution to find the most close disease, which can save lives.
And in front of today, I would like to present this, not just like DNA American, which is the name of the product -- but also like Darwin.
And we want to start to the global level.
We are building all the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find it, work and act like a center for the Carteria in the world.
Every time you are from collections and someone else, it can be a little bit or someone else.
And I also want to invite companies all over the world that could help us save these DNA.
You might be serious services or people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
For the face of it in this and not just improve the health, but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a picture of photography.
Or is it?
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their camera.
My interest for the picture was started with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And he went up with my passion behind the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when we use the camera the process was in plant.
And when you take a picture with a camera with a camera of the process when you worry about it.
For me, the photograph had more to be in the right place, at the right time.
I think anyone could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to ask the police.
pictures like this, a building in a very traditional face.
But it has a strange artist.
And despite it, they keep a real level.
Or pictures like this, dark and colleagues at the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say I do that, I say probability.
Because of course, it's not something that you can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph of it.
pictures that you have to think about is a moment to find out the transition.
It has more to do with creating an idea that with a moment.
But what is the transition that makes them look like?
Are the devices or colleagues?
Do you get the light, right?
What do you create the instance?
Sometimes the installation is the perspective.
But at the end of the end, it's about our way to interact the world and how you can put in a basic surface.
It's actually not about whether it is about it, but what we think is really true.
So I think the future are very simple.
I see it as a record of reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we all can relate to the traditional world.
But in a certain way you can create something that still looks like.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't take the fact that it really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process to change the pictures of it.
It's really going to change different reality.
And the things that they make a picture look like I think are those where we don't even think that we don't even think of us in our everyday life.
But by changing pictures is very important to it, because in another way something will look bad.
And so I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to make real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But also, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the common pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these resources, they were taken to the same street and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to do impossible for the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect line.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a paper and the bear part is made.
But this image is totally compared by different places.
In the person I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas that have in the head.
But it takes a lot of plant.
And as I thought this idea that I knew I had a number of months to protect it, to find the different choices for the pieces of the corruption.
For example, the fish was caused in a piece of fish.
The costs are from a different.
The dark part was caused in a piece of period.
And yes, I even did the house of the top of the island for it to look like it would seem to look like.
So in order to get a real result, I think it makes a plastic fact.
It always starts with a battle, an idea.
Then you have to change the different photographs of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and a very real time.
And all the tools are there and the only list is our image.
Thank you.
And I will start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
This is a difference anyone who took from a cartoon market.
I'm not interested in so interested to show you the destinations but the general species.
This is about an analysis that we were doing about the power of Michael Michael version the power of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this, as a lot of other people we used to see, it's a kind of line in the labor of local scale.
In other words, every step of here represents an order of magic in the school scale.
I'm going to talk about technology with sensors is a non-state thing.
Here is something extraordinary here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please take the lights up.
It would need more interest because I write about paper of paper.
Why do we make technology care in sorts of languages, local schools.
The answer is that if you put them into a normal box in which we say, these are the years or some of the time, and this would be any time of the technology that I would like to do, the difference was going to look something wrong.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology -- like the transportation, in a self-dependent car would be very sense, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a climate change.
If the technology technology would go as fast as the microscope of microscope, last morning we could take a term and be in Texas in 30 seconds.
But I don't go back to that room.
There are no questions in the history of the technological development of a growth that every few years ago.
And the question I want to point is -- looking at these emotional cars -- we see that they don't follow it.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as you go.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a car control -- I know like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I am activity, so I think maybe it would happen like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transformation.
In this line we are in a treatment of what it used to be the world, a new way.
And so what I'm trying to ask you, and I mean, is, what is that new way that addresses the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very comfortable if we're interested in it.
I remember that a child is going on in the year 200 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been founded, year after year, over my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going to happen a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we're doing what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how could that be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take it up and look at the things at the long thing.
The scale of time I would like to do is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years old.
So we got a few million years of years when the Earth was a great structure with a lot of chemicals that were coming around it.
If you look at the way that those chemicals are used to give us a idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the order with America. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there was a few degrees of attention with all kinds of chemical resources in their interesting.
Some of those activities of action. They have a particular combination of the chemicals that they made them solve materials from the outside and so on.
And they began to get away.
In a certain sense, those were the most early cells in the top of those actions of action.
But those girls were not living -- in the current sense, because every one of them has a control record of chemicals with it.
And every time you were doing a designed distribution of the chemicals that they have.
And so every girl was a little bit different.
In fact, the ants that we have to be better about being better about the time in order to bring the collection of collective chemicals, they grow more chemical and they were getting more.
They usually live more time, they were more responsible.
It was a form of life, very simple life life, but things became interesting when these girls learned the transition of advertisement.
In some way that we don't understand very well these ants learned to save information.
They learned to get information, which was the rest of the cell in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they took in this evolution without sense -- a study system that allowed them to solve what they were so that they could be able to be able to do.
The amazing thing is that that structure system seems to have been able to have been used since it has been 25 million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same structure system.
In fact, every living is going to be excited with exactly the same set of language and the same code of it.
And one of the things that I did just by fun. Now we can write things with this code here.
Here I have 100 miles of white particular that I try to apply people from the security.
But you have to take this code -- the code has the companies that we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this DNA of DNA and put it 10 to 12 times.
So if someone wants 100 million companies of my personal father -- I have a lot for all the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a car that would have put it in a virus and would have gone through the room.
What was the next step?
writing the DNA was a interesting story.
This made these cells happy.
But then there was another big step in which things were very different in which things were very different and it was that these cells began to interact and communicate information for the way of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can be able to make DNA.
In that way, for example, they evolved the rest of the animals.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the phone and they were able to create their little DNA with other bacteria with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources.
This communication gave place that they were going to be community that in a way, they were together on that, and they had a sun.
So in that way they would get out or they were going together, or that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they were getting more and they were fascinated by evolution of it.
And the point of innovation happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they went up and they decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next thing that is interesting for life took other billion years old.
And in that stage we have mobile communities of a lot of different cells of different cells working together as one single organization of them.
In fact, we are a male community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer accepted alone.
The skin of the skin doesn't sound without the heart of the heart or the market, or the brain of the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and put more interesting levels that the cell -- something we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization that we call an organization in it.
The next level happened inside these community.
They started to add information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more to process information in community.
It's the black structure.
The neurons are the applications that process the information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they started to spread into the community being the restaurants of the research to be able to respond to it, understanding and transform information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary vision.
Because at that moment as individuals -- the learning was connected to the face of an organization and not to the period of time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn not to eat a little bit because I knew bad and the last time that the food.
That could happen during the life of an organization given that before they had built these structures of information of information that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who started that face.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those data of information is going to make the electrical process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual now.
It could happen in the time you need to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the transition of community.
So for example, the most recent version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing research.
I have a very complicated idea of a blood idea.
I'm sitting here, and I am sitting up with a little bit of groups, and you know, building a similar idea -- go back and conversation, in their head that makes a certain attention with it.
But we take something very complicated about it, we become a sound of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organization as an organization now.
In fact, as a humanity -- we've started to do antibiotics.
So now we go through the similar personalities to the malarial organisms -- we put our recording meters, and it turns out of information.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the control of video -- the Chinese, the CO2, and they are the special mechanisms that now we build that information.
And that brings us in something much bigger and ability to choose more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
They already saw the evolution of Termash in which they produce a certain evolution with the Congress program.
And now we've heard the kinds of time again.
The first stage of the story that I told them was a billion years every single one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years old.
The next one, the language. They took less than a million years old.
And the next one, like electricity -- it seems just a few decades ago.
The process is coming up, I guess that the world is the right word to name something that makes their own change.
The more change, more quickly it do.
And I think that's what we look at in this experiment of the car.
We see that the process goes down.
But I give you the life by designing computers and I know that the molecules that I'm going to do to design you would not be possible.
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to make them conventional way.
I don't know that it makes each treatment in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the Designers of China Mans, we think about the anti-profit level -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that I couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to get and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine that is an evolutionary process that works in the scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can choose a program from a self-dependent security of innovations.
So we say, by a computer family, can you take a hundred million sense of institutions to the rain?
Can you take these sense of institutions in the water, you will get all those programs and take those things that are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I decided what I want.
Let's say that I want to get numbers -- to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to get numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely to have a little bit of individual sensors, they get numbers -- so none of them.
But one of the way, I could take two numbers in the right order in the right order of the right.
And I said, "Community, could you take 10 percent of those extra sensors that better did the thing?
So let's take the rest of the rest of them.
And now we get the ones that they were better at the numbers.
And we were going to get them next to the security process to the secret."
So let's take two programs -- that they get children -- who will understand sources, and that the children have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the properties of both program.
And so we got a new generation of products from the programs of programs that they had a little bit more success.
And we say, "But we say, "Why is the process."
Carrier again.
And I got a couple of death.
And it comes back with another generation with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millions.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect.
In fact, they are much more effective than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to teach you to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- extraordinary.
But they get the control.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives stop to do it.
Once I was in a 1980s, I was going on a Zitchen March and he took a dance and he says, Look at this.
He says, "This line has hundreds of thousands of species that work together to offer a secret seat. Don't make you feel a sense?
We know that the engineering programs don't work very well.
So we started to depend from the computers to make some different design.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than what the normal energy.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more faster and so I could add these programs much more quickly.
And it is, it goes down.
The thing is going to be faster and so I think it looks so construction.
Because all of these technologies are reaching.
We are supposed to.
And we are at a moment to the clinical organisms when they became male.
We are the friends and we can't understand what we are creating in.
We are at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very close to our part of our part to think that we are the end of the evolution of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what it is.
But now it comes the line and I think I'm going to go back here before I get out there.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that's me.
And I've done the enough time to allow us to get part of my favorite pressure in that.
Before I treat the issue of my talk, we talk a little bit about basic.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the end of the World Service.
We love the biological basis, right?
The baby is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go back to "The regions, talk about the statistics and use them to form a big team of basic.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the average prime.
And we talk about 300 of a battle that was based 300 percent.
And that means that the beautiful base is effectively, three times.
That means to take the flow to the field of game without being accepted, and that anyone who is trying to take it to the first base -- not to go to time, and the second based to be saved.
They were three tons of 10 trying to try with.
You know how they call a 300 percent in the Great Langes?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars of the street.
You know how to call a base of biologists of 400 400?
By the way, that is someone who is about 10 degrees -- it takes four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about four, about
Lensity -- like the Times Text War, the last Play of the Great majority of Banglade in order to get more than 400 dollars in a recent terrorism.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel a lot more comfortable -- or maybe less importantly, after what I'm going to tell you today.
You know that they have applications and they are depressed to a surgery.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now you know that they live in a high place and a way to be wanted to have two collective artists and his family of family that would take it up to a cartoon whose record in antibiotics is 200 percent.
But you know something.
And she is getting completely this year.
And their air has been 24.
This is not work.
But I would ask you.
What do you think you have to be the average of an artists of a heart or a corruption of a computer or a computer or a general opera?
All right.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all the medicine knows the air of a good surface, from a doctor or decision.
What we do, though, is to send it to the world, and I was involved with the stage of being perfect.
And I never have a court and think about figure out how to do it well.
And that was the message that I was going on when I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a whole study study.
One time, a company in the school said that British God was going to study up to a star of galaxy.
Just like that.
I was sitting in my little decade, in the research of the University of the University of Texas Congress, not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
And in my kind of anti-profit, I measure the origin and the moving work -- the market of every article that comes out of the face -- the different difference and not the station.
And even I even met the difference of how you care about how to be able to put it out.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, and I was going to go up with holes.
And it comes from the medical school with the impact that if you move everything -- then I would know everything -- or the most possible thing, because this is because I was going to get out of the mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Dan Dan stand.
I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Texas when they went to the German service to the sense of business where I work.
At the time I was taken to the sense of carbon.
And when you go up with the subject to be able to put a career to be able to make that patient here.
And it will be able to go to the reserve of restaurants.
When I saw Darwin David, I was standing.
I heard a sound solution.
And when I supported it, I heard a sound start in both hand, which I was given to me in the middle of a control cartoon.
In these conditions the heart left to work and instead of putting the blood back into it, the blood goes to the public, and these are the participants, and that's why there is hard to get up.
And it was not hard to discover.
I did it and I made me work on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him a supply and medicine to send the pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagnosis, some water players, so I could come up with a link.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I started the first street, I sent it to his home.
In fact, I got two more.
I sent it to his house without talking to the reserve of restaurants.
I didn't take the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my head and put it with him for it.
And if my head would have seen it -- I would have been able to make a whole bit of complexity information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
And maybe I didn't want to be a responsibility that would be able to be able to do it.
And maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility -- that I could take my patients out of my patients without even connected to my book.
The second thing that I found was worse was worse.
When you send it to his house, I don't pay attention to a voice in my interest who said, "Good, it's not a good idea. You don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure that until I asked the disease that I was called the Dan David, "Do you think it's good if you go to your home.
And the disease thought and then he said, "Yes, I think it will be fine.
I remember that as if it was there.
This is what I looked like, and the audience together with the doctors took it to his home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, I had a bad present in the station.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I put to leave the hospital and walk into the food where I was my car to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't do with it.
I went through the business service of the way to home.
And there another disease, not that I was called the Dan David before, but he said to me three words, those three words that most of the medical medical doctors do.
The other species are also, but there is a particular particularly in emotional and is that we see the patients.
The three words are are it?
"Do you get out of the patient that I sent out of his home.
I asked the other disease with natural attention.
"You know, she gotten, with the same time.
She was good.
But I went back and the death of death.
As a time of one time to have come back to his house after I gave her home, after I took a car and his family called the 1980s, the doctors were brought to embraces with an artificial pressure of 50 feet -- what it means is a little sense.
And I was supposed and he was blue.
And the energy of the energy has got all of their resources.
They gave them a drug to get the original pressure for it.
And they put it an artificial responsibility.
I was connected and I was controlled to the motor.
I had a sense of feeling because then they were going to put it up in an international theory and wait against all hope.
And in the two days or three days I was going to have never lost it.
And I had a bright brain.
The family came up.
And in eight or nine days, they were turned to what was going on.
And at the next day, I left it to go. The Dan David, speaker, mother and grandmother.
They say that you never forget the names of what they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week -- I was asked by it, and I experience for the first time that there is in our medical culture that there is in our medical culture.
You make the patients and never even more eat that root.
This is that violence that I left a teaching it.
And the bad supply that I talk about is what makes us feel very bad about it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my book, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure it sounds the things and you make sure that I didn't stop me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my body? Why did I sent it to your house.
And in my worst time, why did I put a stage so consequence?
Why does it get medicine?
A little bit of a little bit of that feeling was discovered.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun and I was asked if I would feel better again.
And I did a test with the way that if you were going to be a perfect thing to be perfect to be perfect for not to make more records, would be to be able to make those times.
And so it was.
He went to work.
But he was going to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the energy rate in a common hospital at the North hospital at the North -- and I got a man of 25 years with a door in the cartoon.
And I was very excited and able to have been able to have been very lowered.
And he felt here.
And I looked at his cartoon, I was a little bit.
I was asked and I sent it to his home.
But as he goes back to the door next to you to look at her cartoon.
Two days later, when I came to do my change, my goal asked me to talk to me in your office.
And I asked the three words, right?
Do you remember the patient that I saw by a doctor in the cartoon?
So he came back and didn't have a strange factor.
He had a completely moral accident called paradigm.
You can look for Google in Google -- it's not a consumer, not from the galaxy, but it is going to be able to cause the face of those go.
And he did not manage.
And it has been available by the window and you get to the few days.
And you take the same period of surgery and records, then I went back and go back to work, until it happened over and again and again.
Two times in the same tradition of Iran.
And it is a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it comes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a destiny.
One of them thought that I had a recent car.
They get a red radio radio -- but it turned out that it was normal. A color that was getting to the patient who was a certain sense in the bottom of the right corner and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of day.
They get a little bit of line to bring up and I asked my colleagues to get it.
And the record and you would notice a certain sense in the right corner -- called the surgeon.
They were both obsessed and they got well.
But every case I got up to me, I was staying me.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst creatures in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a bed.
The most means have been for the last five years.
And just supporting and supposed to support.
And here is the problem, if I can't read and talk about my records, if I can't find the voice that I tell you what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't eat the same markets?
If I would go to a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about factor, after factor, after factors?
Of course in a room you would hear about some of the others of other doctors -- but you don't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transparency in my hospital took the wrong legs the wrong legs that would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total business of the markets.
It's the system that there are two police, the ones that are common and the ones that you can't stop and the ones that you have to do is that you have the results and the ones who have a result of results.
And it is almost like an individual reaction as a anti-profit relationship that they start to reach that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of the medicine to people who eat markets, will take a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years ago, I have made a personal study and a medical study -- I've made a personal study of a bad medical and a medical study to learn how possible I wrote for the Times Standard to my program, "Wow Court County, Barrick Arabia."
And what I learned is that the mistakes are absolutely excited.
We work in a system where the drugs are going to happen every day, in which one of the age of 10 years in the hospital are wrong in the hospital are wrong -- or discovery is not right -- in a system in the system that infections are increasingly more, and more numbers -- using carbon and death.
In this country, they die 24 dollars per phone market devices.
The University of the United States came up 100 dollars.
In both cases, it is a basic substance, because we're not getting the problem as we should have it.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is made every two or three years old, and we don't have it.
The prison of the dream is involved everything else.
And we can't get rid of it.
So we have cognitive signals that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a pattern in the fish.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the side, it comes up with the eyes and with the subject of analogy, and in fact, my story is going to be able to describe it.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't reduce their symptoms always in the same way.
So all of this, the corruptions are inspiration.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we ended up all of the private products to the warm, well, not to get any one.
And with about it that people don't want to talk about their own care?
In my process, "Beating blood, it's a content to say, "This is my worst work."
And their students would say, they would take your head and they were going to be able to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say, "Look, they don't eat the same stage."
They need a context where I could do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The wrong doctor is human -- you know human -- you know, and it does not get out of their markets, but it was supposed to learn from how happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who are talking about their mistakes.
It takes some other people in other people not with the trying to continue to them, but in a love and a survival way for all of them to get up.
And I work in a medical culture that I recognize that human beings are going to make the system, and when this happens -- you get markets of time at the time.
My name is Ben Galler.
I'm a record doctor here.
I'm a human -- I am a human.
And I feel a little bit about learning something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me share with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day any day, any day a day anyone?
Do you know how much we get in a week.
I did a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to make an American American -- it's about 70 to the day.
It doesn't make a lot of in a research for a week to a week of companies of companies in it.
The researchers took up the different talents and the time that they were able to make decisions related to those things.
And they found that, in average the principle of the words per week.
Naturally, every job is even a lot of microscopes.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just a 12 percent of an hour or more than his time.
Now you think about their electrodes.
Do you know how many of you are going to have a nine minutes, and how many of them in a hour?
How does the way that you make those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity, to choose in the top of opportunities.
I want to talk about the problem and a few solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I do a question, like I'm a child, you take your hand only if you want to make a cartoon.
On the other way, when you do a question, if your answer is positive for a factor for a paradox.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the approach of access?
Thank you.
It's been studying from the University of the University of Stanford, it was a very, very high level of level -- at least in that time was very solved.
It's called Daniels.
It was almost like going to a couple of fun.
There was about 25 different kinds of short and village, more than 500 different types of fractions and versions and about 25 percent water water, and this was when we had water water.
I would love to go to that room, but in one point I asked me, why never buy anything.
This is the size of the open open.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different, including what they were in the bottom of the military trees that come out of military trees coming up.
One time I decided to visit the genome and I asked him, "What do you do right this strategy to add all these opposites?
He would take me out of the blood boats that came out all the day, which is probably with their camera.
We decided to do a little experiment with the languages. This is the thing.
Step.
They had 360 different kinds of different.
We put a question to say, right at the bottom of it.
We put out there in the size of six surfaces, or in the age of six different senses, and we look at two things, first of all, what about people were willing to be willing to stop the mistake?
More people were left when there were 24, a 70 percent that when there was only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a piece of failure.
So here we find the central effect here.
The ones who were described when there was 2010, only three percent came to buy freedom.
The ones that they were looking at when there were six percent.
If we do the circuits, people were six times more likely to buy failure if they found six that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if they found 24 that if
Well, I will decide that we don't buy the landscape probably to us --  -- less is good to build the line -- but it turns out that the problem of opportunities are getting us in a good technology of activity.
We decided not to decide even when this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial story.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Galay Harry, Wall Kally and Wall James, in which we look at the decisions on the record of a million Americans for a million Americans in the top of the 19th century of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of forest forests in plants for red plants for red program, the 40-year-old program.
And we discovered that there was a relationship.
We had 65 plants that were from two, to 150 different choices.
And we found that the bigger was the number of foundation number -- there were less particularly.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plants that are going to get two footprints, the particular rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plants that you get about 60 footprints, the particular rate of the space was described to the 19th century.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative consequences here.
So for the ones that they decided to pay, how much more it was the number of choices -- more people were interested to avoid the action or the instruments of research.
And at the way that there would be more operations, they were more willing to invest in the financial fields of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we will recognize to apply the fundamental financial format.
In the decade we have seen three main negative consequences in the other and more possibility as well.
The most likely it is that they put the decision -- that you put it even when this is going to go in against the inside of the own.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the financial and in the health.
They are more likely to make things less scale, even though I get it better.
The main reason is that we are able to look at that variable vaccine of mass -- show, come back and failure, but we are not able to make the cells to be able to be able to share and choose and choose from that extraordinary exciting.
So today I want to ask you today for four simple techniques that we have entered, in a form or another, in different research, so that they can send in their business.
The first is, Come.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which is more than today.
People are always moving when I say, "Close."
They are concerned to lose space in the atmosphere.
But actually what we're looking at every time is that if you decided to cut out of it, you can get out of the extra operations -- there will be an increase in the visions, you would take the contrast, there will be a better experience in the choice.
When I provide Galapago came out of 24 different types of Horo David -- they saw a 10 percent of 10 percent of 10 percent.
And when you have Carter Cartel Congress the products of data that we were going to come in, they took the users in 75 percent of the cars, a lot of containers and longer controllers.
And you know that the surfaces of today, in average is about 45 percent.
And in a village of London you get about 100 percent.
But the north gets bigger in the current world in the current world is Alaska and it takes only 150 products -- a kind of star started in the line.
In the world of the financial stores, I think one of the best examples that have heard about how to make the choices is the plant of David Langer, the program of Harvard.
All of the experiments of Harry are constructed to a sense of life.
What they really want to do, they give you 20 footprints, not 300 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
All of them are important.
The first thing I do is ask the companies, "Do the difference that there are between those choices.
And if their jobs can't be able to do it, you can not do their clips.
This later, before I started this service -- I was talking to Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience a little bit of this audience to the most beautiful car in the world.
Here, a device.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a scale if you're ready to take the Gore of Galapago.
(Audience: All right.
Are they not.
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a transition.
Who is it for that table?
I think it actually took more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first record, which in the second one, but I can get it and say that they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images would make it more real.
And this brings me to the second technology to make the problem of the accident of operations -- which is Company.
For people to understand the difference between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of every choice -- and that the consequences should feel very life, very expensive way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent to 30 to 30 percent of designers or creature, that when you use effect?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that you can see that it would be more real. It can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Silicon Bangladesh and Standard Project, on the person of MIT Chinese who worked in IIM, these people were in a meeting where they were going to a plant plant.
At that meeting that we build exactly how you know, we did a little adult.
What we heard was that we put to the person who would think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they would have more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the articles of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their stores of stress, four percent.
The third technical is Colonical.
We can make more causes than operations.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a started star.
So we saw that in the Searchines of the Netherlands at the bottom of the northern, the expensive explosion can be able to get from 330 different kinds of different types to 180.
But you know?
Because the quality tells me how to do it.
These are two birds of articles.
One is called "Japan and the other, "Standa."
If you think of the left of the left is Samer and the right of the right is Japan, you get a paradigm.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think of the left of the left is Japan and the right of the right.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japan and the right is Samera. But you know something.
This survivor is totally interacting.
Cars have to figure out something to every school, not to the decisions.
You often look at this problem with those huge lines of food.
Do you know who they are interacts?
My fourth career, to build the complexity to me.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about if we just think about a little bit.
We need to increase the whole complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
So this is a little bit of cars that allows us to put it for a complete.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that I offer each one.
Company, collection of the car -- I have 150 possibility people.
Market, box of changes -- four choices.
What I'm going to do is make the order in which the decisions look like.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices -- about a lot of controls, to a couple of courses.
The other half of the cells are going to go from a few choices -- four colors, a lot of opposites.
And what am I going to do?
What is so excited about you.
If you add it all the way on every decision in every decision in every decision -- this means that they're collected, or it is, we are losing them.
We found that the ones who are from a lot of access to a few and a half and a half and a half percent.
We lost them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they get there.
The same information, the same number of choices on the same information.
The only thing I did was to get the order that the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose it.
Even though we put it up the box of changes that is not saying anything about the printing of the inside democracy, in all ways.
We have a product that we are building that now has more constructive with the process.
In order to go.
I've been talking about four techniques to keep the problem of the access of the accidents -- Commerce, to take an extra station -- to make it real -- completely, we can make a lot more causes with less opposites, to build the complexity to it.
All of these techniques that I've asked you were designed to help us make the advances, or better for you, to use them in their issues or for people who come in.
It's that I think the key to get the best thing to get the best of a choice is being capitalized by it.
And how much more we are in our choices we can be able to produce the art of power.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the United States.
And I had to give you an example of example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could solve the order of the texts.
If you found a written with the right message that you could put up the star to the order of the idea.
So in the West we didn't know that someone could do this, the lot of this is going to be able to make the extra freedom.
We never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color control of any big discovery of any big thing to be able to get up with a page, that page will end up by having a few miles in every page that are going to be a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and in your printing.
That's happening today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the city.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can add the attention to the attentions.
There are three main group.
They're the circulars.
As the State.
The molecule of violence is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the colleagues to make a lot of money, increases amounts of money.
There are really a lot of cases of millions of miles in line -- many of them who were making money with their attention.
This is Virginia Texas, from Tenesho, Steve.
This is South German.
This is Stanford Wall.
This is Galay Star.
So these are Marilian Angeles, Tenns Angeles, etc. etc.
These guys do their forests in line but they do it by the immediate media and they do it by the mistakes of our own. when we buy in line -- or they were able to get our key to get information from our cars when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret secret of the United States -- two months ago, the stage of this security, San James, and this story was 14 million dollars when it was control.
The Star.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us will be able to be able to be able to be able to make a real creature.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of them are going to happen in line.
The second group of advances that we look at today is not moving for the money.
There is another thing that makes them move them up, they move them up, they move the operations, they move the resources.
groups like Angeles have developed in the last 12 months to have a destructive role in the line.
Those are the three main advances, the crisis that they do for money, the hallucinations like Angeles who do it to protect and the last group are the national United States.
And then we see cases like December.
That is a good example of general attention against their own cities.
digital is a control of collection of the countries or actually, actually, it was.
And I would give you the last thing because of a surface.
They took the security of the site and put a corner.
The last week I asked -- in a metaphor with the workers of the Hollywood government -- I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people to cause from the attention to December.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a action of this?
Did you say it's a close authority.
They sell collections.
So what do you look like?
Well, you need to need if you have a website with horrible, service completely security services, services like George.
And I know that you can get a sensible straight stranger.
And that they are allowed to be able to support applications.
And in the case of Design happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Project, and those things that have happened -- for example, in Electronic?
Well, in the middle of the manufacturers they took the service of the self-dependent police set in the top of 2010, and during the surface of the building, they found a lot of paradox.
And I was in the paradox of the paradox that was the Paris called Paris.
And within that cartoon there were news of a company with silent that had had the government government to be able to interact a large scale of the cities of the country.
They had been sold by this tool for 2007, the magnetic government.
The course of the company is right here.
That is, the Western governments are going to become tools to the control governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, I found the State State transportation, a transportation used by the government of the government government to invest their own cities.
If you are surprising in a critical case, well, it's pretty obvious that their phone is interested.
But it's going to be more there.
It gets the connection to the Internet.
They use even tools like the State State to identify our computer with a treatment to allow us to see all the communication and listen to the discoveries in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but it doesn't really affect me because I am a horrible city.
Why do you present?
I have nothing to come on."
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It's in play.
Professor is not destroyed.
This is not a question of practice against the safety of it.
It's about the freedom against control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2010, any right thing we need today is to be for always to be.
Do we have to do it in any future government in a function that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya, in the part of the National Park of National Park.
These are the coastals of my dad -- to the bottom -- and behind the value, the National Park of National National Park.
The National pattern of nature doesn't have close to the most part of the system, which means that animal animals like the boats are going to be the park.
And you know, like the laws -- and this is what they do.
They kill our galaxy.
This is one of the ones who killed over the night, and so soon we found it in the morning, and we found it a little bit because it was the only time that we have.
My community -- we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up a lot of the legs.
They look at them are war that protect our community and the galaxy, and they are also moving with the problem.
And so they kill reading them.
This is one of the six laws that killed in National Nations.
I think this is why there are so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community, the six to nine years, is responsible from the pain of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use it -- because I thought the laws I was afraid of.
But I realized that this is actually not going to be, because I even had the laws to see the star of it.
I didn't tell me.
A second idea was to use a speech.
I was trying to take the laws to think that I was close to the star.
But the laws are very smart --  They came the first day and saw the paradox, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move up, it's always here.  So they came up and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the star with a car and that day the laws didn't come out.
I found out that the laws have fear to the light to move up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a interaction that I will learn and play the lights out.
And this is a little line of a robotic language.
It was everything.
And as you can see, the solar paper is going to be the battle and the bank is the electricity to the little death box -- I call it a transformation.
And the individual box makes them go down.
As you can see, the babies give up to the outside because that's where the laws come from.
And that's how you see it when you come out of night.
The lights go up and put the laws to think that I am walking through the star, but I'm standing in my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went to have problems with the language.
And the houses of the vision had heard the idea.
One of them is about this.
And she had moved a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said I know.
You can see it. You can see the bottom -- these are the lights for reading them.
Since then, I've been inspired in seven house in my community and they're looking at a lot.
And my idea is also used now by the whole Kenya, to go to others like young, legal and it's also using them to be used to be able to be able to make the farmers.
Thank you to this research, I had the face to get a baby in one of the best schools in Kenya British, and I'm very excited about it.
My new school is now helping us to get together and connect them.
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the house that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the properties of my father, and it used to be able to see, and I was just going to say that some day would be inside one.
And I'm here today.
I got the opportunity to come on the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to become an engineering and put it when I grew up.
I used to add to the laws -- but now as my research is coming back to the values of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conference.
And what it looks like in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story as a story.
So I got a battery. Richard Television, Yeah.
CA: You are working on other electrical research.
What's the next in your line?
RB: My next research is -- I want to do a close chance. CA: A close electron?
RB: I know that you were already invented by the electronics -- but I want to do it.
CA: Because you try to do it once -- right?
We're going to go in every step that you know, friend me.
Thank you very much.
When I was small -- I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up by having a song called "The not any identity.
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Bill IMM, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, North State, is the enemies of the State.
Even though I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North America until everything changed about it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public experiment.
But I thought that my life in North North was normal in North America.
My family was not poor and I was never going on.
But one day, in 2010, my mom brought home a face of my sister of my sister here.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we have not food in the two weeks away.
We are running together on the stage, and our bodies are so digital, that we are prepared to die.
And I was very strange.
It was the first time I heard that people were holding in my country.
At a little bit of time, when I was walking out to the state of it, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my me.
A woman without life was dead in the street -- holding up a little child in their arm looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very worried about them and their families.
And a huge heart hand in the North Carolina to the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the health and only a few of them had been able to eat a passion, including and a tree core.
They also made more and more from the energy, all around my energy -- all around me was completely at the night at the night in China.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a strange picture of the North in the night in the night in the next night with the neighborhood countries.
This is the Arab Roman -- which comes from line between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very high in certain points allow you to make sure there will be security.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw the bodies on the area.
I can't pick up the detail of how I came out of the North Carriage, but I can only say that during the years, I was sent to China to live with a little bit.
But I just thought I would be sitting from my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be a new life.
But I really learned that it's not just extremely difficult -- but it's also dangerous because the nuclear revolution in China were considered improvisations in China increased.
And so I was living with a concept that my identity was recorded, and it would be related to a horrible destruction of the North Carolina.
One day, my worst district was actually done -- when I went through the Chinese police and I was interested in the police system.
Some of them had been used to be new there, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language.
And I was allowed.
I thought my heart was going to explore it.
If it doesn't seem natural and it could be carefully and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and I got the questions.
At the end of the interaction of an office said to another one, "This was a fantastic report. She's not newspaper."
And they left me to go. It was a microscope.
Some of them in China is looking at it in the extra employees.
But a lot of you can be arrived by the Chinese police and destruction.
These women had a lot of death.
Even though they were carefully, they were enough after an international pressure.
These neurons did not have so much.
Every year, you know, every single year are called China in China and described to North North -- where they are completely, careful or passed in public public.
Even though I went up in specifically, many other neurons have not had so much enough.
It's traditional that the neurons have to apply their ideas and fight it so hard to survive.
Even after you learn a new language and find work, all of their world can be able to be in a statement.
This is why after 10 years of charged my identity -- I've decided to be able to go back to Court from South America.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to be in South Francisco that was a much larger challenge of what I hope.
The English was very important in South Francisco -- I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I learned that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all collecting, but by the way, we have come to be very different because of 60 years old.
And even you get an idea of an idea.
am I a source or no none?
Where am I going on? Who me?
At the way, there was no country that I could call it with process.
And even though I took the life in South Francisco -- it was not easy -- I started to study for the beginning of the University to the universe.
Now, when I started to go to my new life, I got a cardiac called a closed.
The Carteries of North Francisco were able to put out of my family -- and as a character, my family was going to be started to the force to a role in the wars.
They had to be able to get out of it.
And so I began to plan how to help you.
The neurons have to take a lot of different distance in the way to the freedom.
It's almost impossible to grow the face between North North and North State.
And so I took a fly back to China and I went back to the face with the North Congress.
Because my family couldn't talk to Chinese -- I had to put them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through the surface of Alice.
The journey in the audience took a week -- and we almost went through several times.
One time, our cars was declined and come up by an office of the Chinese population.
I asked the identity of all and started to ask them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be a root.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I was immediately put me up and I told him that they were amazing people that I was doing.
And I looked at me, but I just saw me.
We did all the way to the front of Langeria.
But I had to spend almost all my money to go back to the freedom of the freedom in London.
But even after I went through the face -- my family was arrived and carefully to grow up the flow of it.
After I pay a few and a half. My family was based on one month.
But at the time, my family was arrived and carefully again in the Carter of Langer.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything to read my family -- and we were so close to my family -- but my family was represented in the prison of the Court of the Court of the South Pole.
I was and I came out between the original office and the police of police and the police of the political station, which is all trying to read my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more support or mortality.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask you, "What is the problem.
I was so surprising that a discovery would ask you to ask it.
With my poor English and with a distribution, I was sent by the situation -- and yet the man was to the authority and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for others to get them up and take them out of prisoners.
I asked it to all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I won't help you, he said.
"I'm having the policy policy.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the word discovered a new hope for me and for the normal village when we need it.
And I showed you that the book of discoveries and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the normal village needs to.
With time, after our long journey and my family and I went back in the South Court.
But to get his freedom is just half of the battle.
A lot of neurons are sitting out of their families and when they take a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
And so we can benefit from the international community with education -- productive principles of the English printing, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North North and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are going to get in contact with families still -- and we move information and money and money that is helping us change from the North from the inside of it.
I have been very lucky -- I have got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give you a chance to put a chance to put it with international support.
I'm sure you are going to see more and more neuroscientists around the world, including in the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Congress Stan.
So this is California Station, they set out of languages, finally failure fireflies.
So the citizens of the city came up and they thought, we're going to change the name of New South America so that it makes something else -- so they changed it to the United States -- as if this is actually wrong in the city.
So this is South States.  You have the laws -- finally familiar food.
At the same time that 2008 million other American Americans live in a destination of food -- the English Center of the food places to get and eat in the car.
The key thing is that the food places to take more people to make more people in the car.
People are dying from the wrong disease.
For example, the rate rate in my violence is five times more than that, let's say, George Hills, which is like 15 miles of difference.
I love to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how do you feel if they didn't have access to the blood food, and if every time you go out of home see the dangerous effects that the current food system has in their vision?
I look at the company of companies and sell it as a using cars.
I see some of the colleagues of colleagues like Standa.
And I think this has to stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem.
And I'm also going to be able to make four minutes of light and it goes back to buy a driver that you don't have performance.
What I did, it was to put a piece of food for my house.
In a piece of land we call a galaxy.
It's about 45 and a half percent.
The point is, that it will be to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come in in galaxy, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Langer Green, we put them together and we started to put our food forest, and you know, you know, the new complex versions.
What we do, we are kind of a group of groups based on the back of all the products, all of the city and completely value, and everything we do is grandmother.
And the galaxy, I was beautiful.
And then someone else gets up.
The city came up to me and they gave me a car to tell me that I had to get out my garden, the car was made by antibiotics.
And I said to me, let's go back, right?
So an anti-profit order to put food in a piece of land than no one improves?  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
Lannelation had the story written by Steve Lang, and I talked to the control and one of the members of Green Galaxies, who put a performance in China, with 90 ways, we were a success of it.
We had the violence in our hands.
My dad even called to say that they were going to say that they were doing.
I mean, we go, why isn't it?
Land is the city of the United States.
It has 18 miles of free fire.
That equivalent to 20 Century Park.
That is enough space to put 75 million plastic plants in it.
Why does it not look good at this?
Compassion a plan will give you a couple of thousands of seven.
When a dollar of girls will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my brother -- when I tell people people, you care your own food.
Compassion your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a law for California Star.
I grew up there. I grew up my kids there.
I'm going to be part of this particular reality that was made for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm artist.
The galaxy is my graph, I love my art.
Just like a graphic art -- that makes a couple of them, I became stress, grades.
I use the galaxy, the Earth, as a piece of fish -- and the plants and the trees and the trees are my experiment of that.
You will be surprised to see what the land can do if you let it be your own.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a biological and how it affect people.
What happened?
I am a full of how my girl became a tool of education in the community of my visible.
To change the community, you have to change the community of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
You were surprised to see how the kids affect children.
The galaxy is the most private and private act that you can do -- especially in a branch.
And also, they get freedom.
And I remember a occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like 1960, in the night and they were in my garden, and they were looking very lower.
I mean, well, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a right.
I felt survival to see people who were so close to me, and this just takes me to why I do this, the people ask me, "Well, you don't have people going to get your food?
So what I say by God, I don't have fear that they're going to go.
So that's in the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it up, but in his time, I want you to get your health.
There was another choice in which I put a galaxy in a record in the center of Angeles.
They were these guys who had been helping me down the way.
It was familiar, I was able to share her stories about how this had lost them and how they used to put it with his mom and his grandmother -- and it was fantastic.
So George Greeks has come to plan maybe 20 galaxies.
We have had about 50 people who come in, work and participate, all in the visible place.
If the kids grow together, the kids will eat color.
If you get tools, they will eat takes.  But if nothing about this is taught -- if you don't teach how the food is going to take the mind and the body, they eat the circumstances that put them in front of the way.
I see young young people who want to work, but you have this thing that they are accepted. I see kids who are in this path designed for them, that I don't take them to any side.
With the battle, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who get out of their communities to have a support life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George Bang Carter.
But if we don't change the complexity of the Earth, we never will do it.
Now this is one of my planet, this is something I want to do.
I want to put all of a battle of galaxies, where people can share food in the same face.
I want to take you together and turn them into health cells.
I don't make me.
I'm not talking about free things, because the thank is not surviving.
And the key thing about supporting, is you have to get it.
So what I'm talking about is to be able to work to people in the street -- you will take the kids from the street -- that you know the artist, the professor and the ability to control their own food -- open markets of articles.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want all of you to become emotional records, self-esteem, straight banks.
We have to change the game of what's a pain.
If you're not a galaxy, you're not a pain.
And the containers take your room of risk?
And that is the electronic art.
If you want to bring me with me, well, if you want to look at me, well, if you want to look at me if you want to sit on the cars and have records to talk about doing some of them -- to talk about doing some death.
If you want to see, they go back to the garden with his paper so that we can put something out.
Parago. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music Chinese.
It's made of surgery, and the subject is a good material to deal with it, but not always -- especially not in days like today, where you get a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the subject that you go down.
And especially if you go up in your biological and these cars are going on, that's not very applied.
In addition to it, you can do a lot of noise to do.
It's a normal material and if we build cards, as in the World countries, very close to cities -- we would like a similar car.
The solution for that is to make a little bit.
Now, a material that we use now in the majority of the countries of the countries in the World countries, and the water can go through it, so all the water water is going to fly to the side and you will have a face why it's easy to do, and they won't save water never more.
The noise is also going to happen in these people.
Because it is very strange, all the noise will go up, so it's a very similar car.
It also has discoveries, of course, and the destruction of this road is that you can get it.
What is it? You see that in this case, the surfaces of the surface are coming out.
First of all, then a lot of and more and more, and then -- and then I don't do that.  But you can give you your professors, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more days.
Sometimes you can create cards with that.
There it is.
Banglades, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the day in this machine.
It's a little bit of it, like I said, so it only has a little amount of advertisement between the stores.
Because of the interaction, to the light, to the acceleration, this beautiful, this beauty, the destruction between the researchers, and if you enter it, they will be able to be military and get out of the advertisements.
So if you go through the career, you will take the advances, as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about marketing materials.
If we can make this material that we can probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use a look at the way, that to be able to be able to go back, and we can cut up the language of the room in very small things, and we can kill those little ideas with the baby.
And so we have a little bit of little banks of therapy in it.
And then you need a machine -- as you see here, that you are used to control -- a market machine.
The invention can be captured, especially the top -- it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is cause the box, and I will give you the baby, the babies are going to be flowed by these microbes and the paradox will be used to the surface.
So today I used a lot of microscopes, because I can't bring the great research machine here at the stage.
The mountain of microbes is a similar system.
I put the shows that now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to cause the shows to you.
We put a lot of shows up there, and then the government, really saw our results -- and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of car, 400 meters from the 19th century, where we had to do a research of trial to test this machine.
So that's what we did there we did there. You see where we were doing the progress in the way, and then, of course, this road will stop several years without any day. That's what we know from practice here.
We take a lot of shows from this road and we put them into the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of carbon in them, we put them up with our industrial machine and we went back and put them out.
We can reduce this many times.
Well, to tell you that we have made a material using a material using these films, using these films, using the energy energy -- actually will increase the life of the surface of the surface, even they can put the life of the surface of the surface of the surface of a very simple amount of money.
And now, of course, they have care of if this was also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty expensive.
In fact, it has to be able to make first before I can show you how to show you how it takes it.
But I'm going to do a trial.
Let's look at it. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound in my house.
My father was listening to Berlin New New Greek radio.
I had a great surface in his face that was an unusual in those time, because the news.
"The teams were going to be a father of my father.
I didn't know what it meant but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning, I never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the teachers went out of Afghanistan and they made the kids go to school.
For the next five years old, I was seen as a child to support my brother brother -- that I couldn't be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to do it.
Every day, we took a different car so that no one could get out where we are.
We had to apply the books in the market for the market to seem that we were going to be able to buy them.
The school was in a house -- over 100 of us.
It was advanced in the investment -- but it was extremely carbon in summer here.
We all knew that we took our lives, the protection, the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and
Once when the school was based on a week by a week because they were supposed to know them.
We always asked us what they knew of us.
Would they keep us?
Did you know where we live it?
We were all struck, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was learned and the kids a tent.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total company of a record protection of Afghanistan. It was in that his daughter -- my mother went to school, and that's why his father did it.
But my mother had been turned into it.
This is it.
It will go back two years ago, just to convince our house in school for children and women of our vision.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education -- even their children, even though they go out of the rooms, to go from the risks.
For him, there was a little bit greater in not to avoid their children.
For the years, I remember that there were a few times that I was very lucky for our life and it was always sitting and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to record, but my father said, "Look, I would lose everything you have in life.
You can reduce your money, you can make your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want to continue?
I have 25 years now.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by war.
So less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the back, and if my family had not been so excited with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found myself here in Mars Congress in Mexico.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandfather that was excited from his home for the value of saving their children, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He is not just a lot of my college television, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman that I read it by the streets of Kartin.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I am the global colleague of 1990, a global campaign to avoid women.
This is why I called SETI, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for kids to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the force to get the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, as I get them out of them -- despite them and still go into a destruction of a destruction of a destruction.
As Angeles. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you your face -- but I love is the father of one of my students.
It makes less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going to walk out from SETI to his room, and literally they were used to be associated by a battle in the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone.
"Look at me, if you want to, he said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for their old and the ideas of ideas."
What I've given me from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is really obsessed in the West -- is that behind most of us who we continue, there is a father that I received the value of his daughter and that you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are actually the first interesting interest of the future of the future of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
And under the tables, the kids who went to school are in hundreds of them, remember, was improvisation.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Africa looks so different from here in America.
And I found the Americans that Americans see the factory of change.
I fear that these changes are not going to be a lot, after the rest of the U.S.
But when I go back to Africa, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are playing for them, that the anti-profits, I see a deep future and a death change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive positions, and every day the girls of SETI will remember me.
Like me, they get in a big.
Thank you.
Now, I've never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the experiment, "Hand, responsible to Galapago.
But you never become a starting start self-exponentially.
They have spent almost two years since it has been inspired by the self-dependent revolution for the mass of the massive revolution as well as the equipment of it.
A forces with a lot of other lines -- within and outside of the country to call a day of food and put a revolution against the record of Galapagos.
And we did it, it was a great revolution of it.
women and men and young men were in the water, including the each of the reception, and they put away from the freedom and specific and social substance.
They have shown a value to be able to make the death decade of Galapagos.
They have shown a great sense of supply from the East East, to the surface, to the surface.
Finally, after a period of six months of six months of banking war and a few dollars of about 50 deaths -- we got to read our country and play the country.
However, Galapa left a cardiac standard, a land of anger, collective and self-dependent seasons.
For four decades -- the record of Galapagos develop the information, the culture and the moral structure of the local society.
You know about the definition and the challenges -- I have wanted to have a lot of other women, to reduce the civil social society -- including an even an including transformation and right towards democracy.
They were about 200 organizations in Brazil, and immediately after the Galapago of Galapagos, about 300 in Telescope.
After a period of 30 years of experiment, I went back to Lincoln and with a single environment, I started to organize streets on the development of ability and life skills of life.
With an incredible group of women we were looking at the Polio of women in the Pole, a movement of women -- leaders of women -- leaders of women -- in order to add for the political car of woman and for our right of the energy of democracy and the police of democracy and peace of democracy and peace.
I found it with a very difficult environment in the private period -- an environment that was getting more positive, which is moving from the political policy and exciting politics.
With time, our anti-profit was advanced and surprise.
The women came up with a 17th percent of the National Congo in the first 15 years.
However, just a little bit of a little bit of electricity and the revolution as a everything, they were destroyed -- all the days we found the new news of violence for it.
And one day we get up with the news.
Another day I went up with the news of the United States of the American and the attention to the control.
Another day we're going to give us with the news of the office of the army.
And every day, every day, every day we get out with the government of the military and their vision of the human rights of the pressures and their favorite rest of the language.
Our society is made by a recent media, and it has gone out of the ideas and the early principles of freedom, distribution, social substance, which we had at the beginning.
The interaction, the exciting and the blood was became the knowledge of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of it.
I'm not here today to invite you with our history of the success of the supply seat, and the electronics.
Now, I'm right here today to tell you that we as a nation, we get wrong -- we take the wrong decision for us.
We don't pay well.
Because the choices didn't take the peace and the security and the security to Lincoln.
The close line and the authority between carbon and careers were put per peace and recent record, natural record.
No, they didn't do it.
So what happened then, what happened then, so what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened then, what happened
Why do our society is going to be published and device with discovery police police and exciting -- so much for men like women?
Maybe what it was not just women who were not just women -- but the physical value of compassion and entirely and even entirely.
Our society needs the national pain and the creative creation of the more than we needed the choices that we needed to have the political and discovery.
Our nation needs the key rest of the most than we need to need the American and the amount of it.
We need to stop able to act as an idea of food and call it a day of it.
We need to start able to act as an access of compassion and medical people.
We have to develop a fantastic device, which not only honor -- but also put it in practice in a place in the volume, the color instead of the company, the Even instead of employees.
So these are the ideas that a Liberia, depressed by the war, you need destructive with the end of the peace of the peace.
Because the peace has a limitation that comes from the interaction and the attention between the physical perspective and the marketings.
That is the real career.
We need to get that kind of an extraordinary way before doing it in a political way.
And I went up with a control of the Court Cartoon, paralyzed, is the word of the God God, "The County, compassion."
At the time, the word "Lady, that you know in all the artistic traditional tradition -- it has the same reason that the word "actually, supported the favorite and material -- which goes up to all the humanity that men and women, that all of them and all of them have gone down.
And so, as the third is completely the writer, which grew up in the corner -- the distance of compassion of compassion is the whole story.
So this is what it tells us, "My mission took all the things.
This is what you tell us, "My matter of thinking about my wife."
And they are all taken by the thank of the manufacturing.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a question question -- which has a right answer.
This is about the secret of digital violence -- and the question I'm going to do is the one that they all do is, why does she get down?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who would describe?
I'm not particular, no social work, no social violence in digital violence in it.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 12 years old, I was just going to look at the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a written and a street in the Sea Service.
I had my first stage, my first green green Art America, and he had a very big secret secret.
My secret was that many, many times the man, which I created my stream battle, I would put it to the head with a piece of play with a star started with it.
The man, when I love more than nobody in this world, I put a star in my head and love to move more times than I can remember it.
I'm here for you to tell you the story of "Long, love, a public prison, which is where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
until it could be his story.
I don't look like a surface of digital violence of digital violence ...
I am a little bit in English of the University of Harvard and I have a MIT in Mars of the World Bonds Star.
I've spent the most part of my career working for the "Cartoon Sea "Paradia, between them John John China, Ben Boston and the World Pollution.
It takes almost 20 years ago with my second market, and we have three children.
My dog is a black work and considered a minimum Hollywood Hollywood.
So my first message for you is that digital violence can happen to anyone -- all the relationships -- all of the relationships -- all of the restaurants and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that they all think that digital violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly it.
More than 80 percent of the molecules are men -- and the digital application only happens in the financial relationships and in a long way, and he said, in the families -- the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence -- which is a lot of which the digital approach is so discovered.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be going to be a man who would pay to him, and in fact I was a very typical vision because of my age.
It was 25 years old, and in the United States the women in the age of 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be visible than the other age, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are discovered every year for course, newspapers and marketing markets in the United States.
And I was also a typical vision because I did not know anything about digital violence -- their signals or their patients.
I met Congo in a face and it takes it out of it.
I was sitting on my side in New York Times and started to fight with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to be able to get out of a University of the Lego Lego and I worked in a very important battery of Washington Street.
But what I thought about in that first found was that it was ready and money, and it looks like a guy in the field.
I had a lot of big molecules as a dancer, and a red root -- and it looks so digital.
One of the most smart things that he did is, from the beginning, was to create the island that I was the distribution of the paradox.
He did it on the beginning of the beginning to put in a performance.
We started to go back and love everything from me, that I was ready -- that I had gone to Harry, that I put it in help to help governments and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family -- my direction, my dreams and impossible.
I believe in me, as a work and as a woman, like no one had done it.
And it was why the audience in that school school, and the work in Washington, and their future basically had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first thing in any digital violence of digital violence is to be able to be able to be able to make the vision.
And I didn't know that the second step is to look at it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go back from New York and leave the work of my dreams but I thought I had to make sure that I had to do sales for your wife -- so I left my work and China and I went together with Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was running in a love line, which was coming out of head in a physical company, financial and physical political profession.
The next step in the pattern of digital violence is to bring the violence of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they come into the scale of those participants.
And so we moved to New English already you know, that situation where I knew it had to feel so safe to be made three statistics.
One was in the partner of the car.
Another driver under the stage in our house and the third always in their battery.
And he said that I needed those paintings to the transportation that he lived in a little star.
I needed them to feel safe for me.
But those participants actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read the hand, my life already was in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attention of China happened five days before our bank.
They were seven of the morning, and I still had the wall.
Five days later, when the 10 die of my room had been discovered, I was put on my mother of my mother and my mother with it.
And despite what had happened -- I was sure that we would live happy for that, because I love it and he also wanted to me.
And I was very, very quickly.
It just had been very concerned by the bottom and for the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an act and it had never been done to me.
I spent two times more in our mobile language.
The first time I was driving up to a secret sand and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I took several times against the center of the car.
And then a couple of days later, building it back from our mobile line -- it was sent by the term and I would take a Big March in the face of the face.
I think I was going to take one or two times per week for the next two years and a half of our market.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only thing in this situation.
One of three American women is visible or access at some time in your life, and the center of control of the University of the University of disease that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million kids are moving.
So actually I had very good company.
It goes back to my question, why do I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was going on me.
At the time, I was a very strong woman who was a very strong woman who was very fascinated and it was the only person in the world that could help us have to make it to make their democracies.
The other question that all the world does is, why don't you just be married?
Why did I not do? I could have gone in any time.
For me this is the most sad and pain question that makes people people, because we know, we know something that you normally can continue, it's incredibly dangerous to take a male.
Because the last thing in the pattern of digital violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the advances in the case of digital violence is going to happen after the value has been in the relationship of the relationship -- and then the advance has nothing to lose it.
Other researchers are involved by the performance -- even after the advertisement has been going to get to each other, and manufactured from the financial system, and manufactured from the financial system, and their children, who are usually open by the songs to spend time with the man who would put his mother to his mother that would put his mother up.
And we still have to ask why it simply doesn't come from?
I was able to go out of the last film saying that I came up with my business.
I realized that the man who would love so much, I would have moved if I was allowed to.
So I went back to the situation.
I told it all the world, to the police, to my friends, my friends and families and families, and I'm here today because all of you would help me.
We have the technology to send the visions as sort of scientists, and sort of detailed women.
The question is, "Why do you do?
For some people is a way to say "The career is a sense of the world, as if we were going to be able to get them out of men who want to develop them.
But since I published "Look, I have heard of stories of men and women who were also supposed to be able to have an individual lesson of what happened to you and they made their life lives and happy life and happy and mothers, and mothers and mothers are completely free of violence -- like it.
Because it turns out that I am actually a vision and a very typical violence of a very typical life.
And I was going to get out with a terrible man, and we have those three children.
I have that black book, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, you know, it's a closed partner by taking my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this time, just like you're thinking about, "How that's fascinating."
I'm sure that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being married or that they were a little bit of small or that they are supported to them.
The mountain could be able to get his daughter to his son, his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my particular love.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other visions, and this is my last fish to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The approach is only in the sun.
They have the power to save with digital violence just running light on it.
We need them all the world.
We need each of you to understand the secret of the digital violence of digital violence here.
They take the kill to the light talking about it with their children, their friends, their friends and family.
They take your vision of the survivors like fantastic people and financial people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early principles of violence to interact -- to get out of their scale and show the visions a safe survivor.
And together we can build our cars and our families and our families in the next simple and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hello.
To be presentation, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a sent television in the room because I should not have seen it like this.  And by the way, I've been trying to change it.
This is the first change in a TED stage, so you have a lot of risk of it, I think.
If some of the women have been standing out when I grew up, you don't have to get it right now, but I will find it later in Twitter in Twitter here.
I also want to point out that I have the property of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not all the world has that opportunity.
These places are very unconscious, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go to the head, because it is when they're going to get to me, so they don't do anything while I got my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It has been wrong.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The approach is powerful -- but also surprising.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a note in real life.
I was totally influenced and the photograph told me that it would take the space and take the head of the children.
Of course, I was born with a surgery or an artificial market like what I did two days ago for work, there are very little thing that we could do to transform our aspect -- which although surface and increasingly, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, to be value means to be hospital.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a beautiful woman and white woman, and in my own labor, that's going to be a sexual girl of it.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a cards discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I made me model is because I won the genetic language, and I'm the benefit of a hero, and maybe you're asking what this hand.
Well, in the last century, we have not only developed the beauty as a health and substance, which we are biological programs, and we also have been associated to a high and a financial star to the film and a white skin and a white line.
And that is my sister that I have ever been able to do to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that now you show surgery, and maybe there are some lines in the way that they say -- "Wow!" There are North National, Texas, John Streets, London.
First of all, happiness to know so much models -- it's amazing.
But I also have to try to identify that in 2008, a study of the University of the University of New York Times told all of them and every one of the models in the room, and from the 1980s, only 24 -- it's going to say, less than four percent, they were not white statistics.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it is bigger?
And my first answer is, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be concerned from the United States, or the bottom of the next Internet, or the next Internet, which would be a position and position, which would be proud because you would be the first one.
If you have this special list -- I still said, No, no, no, I want to be model -- then I tell you, I know my book.
Because I am not going to some of all, and you could be the record of the Revolution Robert Colony or the development of Marine, or the next Sun Santa Santa.
It will say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to give you the room when you go in.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because in the difference of the natural surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
Now, once you've already heard your studies -- and you have a coral and you have a computer and you have a computer and you have a common and you have to do what you say, if you say that you want to be concerned from the United States, but your corruption said, model of paper for 10 years, people look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are related.
And you know, it is basically represented all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me up, and also the first time I used a billion, and I didn't even have my period.
I know that we are coming into the person, but it was a child.
So I looked at my grandfather a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a front of a few days before the pictures of the photographs for the French Valley.
Here I am with my food team and in the Taliban Robert.
And this is me.
And I hope that you realize that I am not in those pictures here.
They are created from a group of production, paradigm, magicians, magic and statistics, and all of their stores and people of a piece of fish and productive, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, you get things from grandchildren?
I have too much about 20 times and that I never use the part of it, but the principles that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cartelian, and once I went to a teacher and I was able to take money, and they gave me the free thing.
When I was a subject, I was going to work with my friend who was a concept of control, and it was a service in red and of course, and it was going to be particularly, and it would be a feeling to be able to be able to be able to follow it.
And I found out of these principles for my aspect -- not for what I'm going to do, and there are people who are putting a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 1900s, in the age of the age that they were going to be a little bit of it, and I went back to the person who were black and language, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 180,000 black young black people in New York -- so for them, is not a question of me going to do it?
But how many times I would be going to do that?
When I was going to invest for this talk, I found out that at 35 percent of the girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes back to 75 percent to 18.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you are a little bit easier and you have the largest film, you feel very happy and strange.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also an amazing thing to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens because what we never say from the cameras -- what I have never said about them, is, I am a sense.
And I'm because I have to worry about my approach every day.
And if you ask you to ask you, with a few more sophisticated legs and the most beautiful dance, it will be easier to be easier -- to be easier to be easier -- to be easier to be easier -- to be easier to be easier -- to be easier to be easier -- to be easier to be easier -- to be easier to be easier -- to
They only have to go with a group of models -- because they have the most sophisticated legs -- the most beautiful thing and the most cool and the more to the way, but it's probably the most amazing women in the planet.
But especially it was hard to take a single situation of real operation and the government when I am one of the biggest benefits as I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to come out of this talk, I hope that all of them feel more comfortable to the power of the image that we have from the success and the factor.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was enough enough to hold a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 more private pictures -- and I was not me who gave them.
There were no artistic discovery -- no opportunities to reduce the pictures -- not even a city in the installation.
In fact, most of them took them into the stage.
My story starts when I first started in the city of New York to give me a position, my wife gave me this picture to my daughter in the day of his first company. That's the 19th century of the age of the 15-year-old.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York -- just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When you get the third set of my daughter -- my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York in a back in a back and put the risk?
So here is when we started to ask the terrorists that were going to take us the picture.
It is surprising that the challenge of getting the camera to a complete company is so universe.
No one has ever gone back, and unfortunately, never no one has heard with the camera.
And then we were not aware of how much we would change this journey for us.
It became something else for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 1950, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five years of five years was able to understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than representation of a short moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of air and we would be able to reduce on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always take the same photograph -- our daughter changes new children, and I can see life through their eyes and how you lose and interact with everything.
And that time that we spend together is something that we hope with including all the year.
And I mean, in one of the journey -- we were walking up, when you get it up, and then it gets a red transportation of the shoes that I was supposed to have a little bit of a little bit of strangers in the before.
And I found out what he had felt about five years in that same place.
I began to remember his heart to be able to see that place for the first time for nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are university, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I learned that one of the most important things we create are the recent things.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I don't know you -- but it goes out of these 15 pictures -- I don't go in many of the family picture.
I am always the one that takes the picture.
So today I want to introduce you all to go into the picture, and they don't get to go back to someone and ask you, does it take us a picture of it?
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 100 species in the world.
The babies are found in the most strong group.
First of all, why do you have so bad pressure?
It has also been associated with Design researchers as a mind concepts, you know, self-esteem.
More recently, if you have been next to the support that we have been self-exposured and access and these are the advertising that they use with the Telescope Park -- but I don't take it.
I don't know it. You know why what?
Because the members of the Palestinian don't keep the environment of the environment --  The paintings don't help prevent the production of disease.
They are difficult --  --  --  -- and they are away from exploring --  and my favorite -- the babies have better pressure.  There are two kinds of babies in this planet.
There are the babies in the New world who are actually found in the United States, as the cars and the banks of the old world, where we have 16 species -- in the age of these 16 -- 11 they get a high risk of experience.
So why are the babies are important -- first of all, they produce real economic services like that.
They are our natural records.
You call the cars to the bone.
They help to kill all of the bacteria -- they help us add the notion that it's not going to be because of them and cause a large death of decades and diseases in other animals.
And the recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no backgrounds, the cars take three to four times more time in destroying, and this has huge relationships in the disease.
The babies also have a huge story.
They've been associated to the old cultural culture.
Bear was the symbol of the protein and the matter and the material and the corner -- they would have the unit between the Alaska and the East East.
So in the hospital molecule -- Japan was the bank girl, and he took his life to save the daughter of the 100 feet of the 10-year-old dollar.
In the banking culture -- they make some very important leaders to the open school -- and in places like Terrophy, there is no place to understand the dead -- or move to them, so these babies produce a natural system.
What is the problem with bottom?
We have eight species in Kenya in Kenya, which six are in an extraordinary entire extraordinary.
The reason is that they are being entering, and the reason they're being interested is because there are conditions between humans and the face. The political communities use this version against the depressions, and as a consequence, the babies are visible from this.
In the United States, in countries like India, in countries like India and Parkinson, four species of banks are in the heart of extra decision -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they make the concept of the concept that has been treated with a anti-profit drug like Delight.
This democracy has been produced in India in India and you've taken a position.
Because there is no backgrounds, there has been a protection in the number of battles in the number of cards in the back of cards, and when you have a huge piece of time for robotics.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest electronic patterns in Africa, 360 feedbacks are going to be the Alaska Latin.
I'm not against the local energy, but we have to work with the governments -- because the oceans are doing this to the boxes. They cut them through the middle of it.
They are traditions of bees.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible common commercial of the dead of death to be able to go to the battle and to the market market.
So what is it doing -- well, we are involved to these birds -- we are putting transportation.
We're trying to stop your basic economics, and see where they go.
We can see that they go through different countries, so you will get in a problem that's not going to be able to feel anything.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about the basements, about the need to apply these wonderful creatures and the services that they do.
How can you help -- how can you help. You can be able to make a card to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very creative creatures -- to give her time to save the word to save the word to discover.
When you go out of this room, you will get them on the backs, but they talk with their families with their children, with their kids on the bottom.
They are very electricity -- Charles David said that it changed of open because I saw them to fly without effective, no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything that I do -- my life, has been killed by seven years of work during my line in Africa.
since 1970s, but I'm not going to be --   I worked in Zabbarop, Kenya -- I was working in Mars, Kenya and Santa and Santa and Standard projects with African countries.
And I worked for a Nigerian Australia, and every project we put in Africa.
And I was ready to me.
And I thought, to the 21st -- that we were all good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
In place of that, everything we were going to do is we took it.
Our first project, which I inspired my first book, "Wow was a project where a project we decided to teach people from Zabbar to control food.
And so we came up with self-exploration settlements at the South Francisco to this absolutely wonderful version that you can figure out to the Zabbar Zabbar, and we teach the local corrections and you can see the local and carbon takes and, and so on.
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, so we asked them to come to work -- and some times, they don't help --  --  we were amazing that the local locals, in so strong value, there was no activity.
However, instead of ask you how it was possible to be possible -- we just said, thanks to God who are here.  "I have time to save the people from Zabbar of the short."
And of course, everything in Africa is called beautiful.
So we got these magnetic magnets. In Iraq -- a car would grow to this size -- in Zairon, to this size here.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the changes, look at what easy is absolutely."
When you take them out of the tables and red and red and red -- in the morning at the morning, about 200 degrees came out from the river and they got all the way out --  and we said to the changes, "The God, "The mindsets."
And the changes said, "Yes, why we don't have ancestry here.  "Why did they not say that. You never asked it."
And I thought only we can just start in Africa in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans were doing in Africa, what they did in the Earth, what they did was the freedom, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zairon.
Because, as you see, at least we are going to have the lessons.
You should see the descriptions.  You should see the descriptions that we get to the people in Africa.
You want to read a book -- Leare Marine, from David Man, exciting change.
The book was published in 2009, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2008, in 2009,
Now, we have Western devices, we've lost the African control two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I don't tell you about the day that that money has changed.
Just read your book.
Look at a part of a African woman -- the day we've done.
The West we are increasingly, and we treat the people just in two ways, or we participate them, or we are participating.
The two words come from the low language of the landscape -- which means "Canada."
However, it means two different things.
Parasis, I try any of a different culture as if you were my children. "I want a lot.
Paradia, I try to all of a different culture as if you were my senses.
So the white in Africa are called "Basin," baseball.
That book gave me a book in the face -- "The little is a beautiful, written by Sanches, who said about all the economic development -- if people don't want to be help -- the alone.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of the help is to answer.
This morning, the fear that I opened up this conference put a good on the ground and said, Can you imagine a city that isn't calculation.
I decided to have the 24 years just to respond to people, and I invented a system called French Commerce where you never enjoyed anything, but it becomes a sense of the local passion -- the sense of local plants who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do?
Japan comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the reality.
We don't work from the office.
We go back in a car. We got in a battle.
We have some information.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the country.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important growth.
And then, we help them find the knowledge because no one in the world can have success alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is destroyed.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for one time instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why no, for one time, you know, but not in the community companies.
I'm going to tell you a sex.
There is a problem with the community computers.
The companies never stop, and they would never tell you, in a public revolution -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have changed.
So the plan has this climate point.
In the most smart people in your community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public records.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work to face it, you have to create a social information, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new product.
The practice is the family family of the business -- the doctor of the business of the business -- that you get up with you in his house, in the table of his concept, in the car, and I help you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make life.
I started this as a test in hope.
I was doing a device at that time, trying to get out of this basic bank where we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 24 projects in market, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I have something very, very difficult thing.
And I said,  So --  -- so the government says, "Good again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying from society.
Peter David, one of the largest companies of the story, went back to 99, a few years ago.
Peter David was made of physics before you get in the business -- and this is what he says Peter David, "The plan is actually increasing with a society.
The plan is the beach of the death of the wrong.
So now you can see Chris Congress without knowing what the most useful people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people are going to connect with you.
You have to give them conservation, private professor, it has to be fantastic to help them, and then they will say, they will be going to come into a mass.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 cells.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, innovation and pass?
What do you worry about you about this morning, right?
You know, that's what you have been accountable.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurs is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fundamental formats -- not recording, and in a moment to another, we have systems that are not supporting.
And the whole question of the Internet is not surviving.
The face as a way to solve machines is not survival.
What we have to think about is how we have, we come on, we come on, we come on, we come together, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest the technology for the Right? The universes? The senses?
The government, the government?
They will be the companies and they're doing it now.
There is an amazing story that in a future record makes many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to develop the future of New York City.
And in the year 1990, he took this group of people, and they explained about what happens to the city of New York in 100 years, and the concept was a mean, the city of New York was not there within 100 years.
Why? Because they went up with the car and send it, if the population is getting back to this rate -- to bring up the population of New York Times -- they would get six million gentlemen, and the structure produced by six million dollars would be impossible to deal with it.
They were already allowed in survivor.  And so in 1990, they were making this technology that I would use the life of New York.
So what happens -- in the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States came up with 100 companies and 100 company company company.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely exciting and there were very few of them in factory and factors in plants in plant.
Does, Michael Francisco.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to give them conservation.
On the other way, you're not going to go with you.
And then you have to give you a access, deciding, service service.
And finally, you're going to have to tell you the truth with it.
The smallest company -- the largest company -- the largest company has to be able to do three things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic community, and you have to tell you with a financial station.
You know what?
Japan we've met a human being in the world that can be able to do, sell and look for the money alone.
There's no exist.
This has not been born yet.
We have research and looking at the 100 companies in the world -- Wall, Poland, Poland, Ford -- all the new companies -- Google County.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one, no one was been involved by one person.
James the word "I said, but the word "serious, 12 times.
He wasn't just when I started it.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have markets, who come out of a little business sitting on colors, and you get out of a little business sitting on their desks who are going to do for you, what someone did for this room who talked about this supply -- someone who would ask you to ask you, what does it mean?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look at somebody else.
We are able to create community.
Thank you.
And that you can help us have many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the voices -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge to be able to share the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like the stages, plants and pullet.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do I pay my voice for your characters?
How can we pay and ask more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our buildings and understand our partnership of our passenger?
How do you share more of our hope in order to be able to see our communities so that our communities can recognize our needs and dreams?
I live in New Brazil and I'm found from New Brazil.
My room always found anti-profits with the giant robots that give up to streets, robots and streets from the century and as a city in a city.
It always goes to the music --  there is a device in New Organization.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture of the world, but also one with the most amount of American products in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more advanced space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life for always life.
In 2008, I lost someone who would love a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
his death was related and inspired.
And I thought a lot about death and a lot of death in the death and I thought a lot about death.
And this brings me a deep profession for time and life.
He gave him the clinical things of my life.
But I'm going to keep this look at this looking at my life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends brought up the wall of this house based on a giant paradox and put on it, and I put out of it to be able to be able to come in, and he said, "Well.
So the teachers could take a pill, to get up about their lives and share personal speeds in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was reduced and I went down.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"I want to be able to be predictable by power."  You know, to die I want to sit on the line in the line of characteristics."
"Wow to die for millions of people.
"I want to spend a reason."
"I want to live outside the network."
"I want to do it once I want to take one more time.
"I want to go to the rest of somebody else.
"I want to be completely I want to be completely myself.
This particular space is controlled and the dreams and the dreams of people made me go back to the cards, and they gave me, and they gave me into a different moment.
It's about knowing that you are not just to understand our notion of new ways and surfaces. It's about to give us the record and control -- and to remember what the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the clinical center we did a mile and now have been done in countries around the world, like Karafinants, South Africa and American and more there.
And we put the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of discoveries in advertisement, it's more important than never -- to find the ways to build the perspective and remember that life is bad and decade.
The death is something that we often choose to talk about, or even to think, but I understood that we will be able to worry about death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the climate death of our life.
Our shared spaces can get better what care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope -- fear and stories and stories that are supposed to help us improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today, I have a single performance.
Please not tell me that I'm a normal thing.
Now I would like to introduce you to my beautiful.
Ready has 12 years old, it's high and very strange.
I'm not talking about, but it gets better than some of the best transportation.
Ready knows what the love is.
I share it all the way that happened.
It's not a supply. It doesn't look at the color of the skin here.
It doesn't matter the religious differences and look at this, it has never me.
And when you have a little bit of our information, trying to figure out words that I couldn't even be able to do, I remember one thing, the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be discovered.
Santa has 16 years old. It's high -- it is very simple.
I put the most important memory memory.
And yet, it's a self-destination memory me.
I don't remember if I grew up my child, but I remember the year where I came out every single single single single day that we had when I was four years ago, I put it on my arm during the first office of the Terrostacaus and the Bank of Langely Germany.
Do you don't look like?
But most people are not going on.
And in fact, because their minds don't get to the normal concept of society -- often they are income and interacting.
But what I went back to my heart and put my room was that even if that was the case, even though they were not going to be able to get them inside the original, that could only mean one thing, that they were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less families with the terms of "The "Cartoon," it's a whole brain of brain that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to the physical skills to the end.
In every individuals you have a different way of a different way -- there is so different to San.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you have a new case of attention -- and even though it's one of the conditions of the development that the most fast thing in the world, there is no cause or collective care.
I don't get out of my first find with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me.
And I was living in their own world, with their own world, and I was found to put it on the smaller things -- as I put the cars in the room around the room, look at the language and eat any thing that would have been in the middle of the middle.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more facility.
But beyond the banks, the French and the international human human habitat, there was something really unique and interactive, a child who saw the world without professionals, a human being that had never changed.
Excellent.
I can't remember that there have been a few difficult times in my family -- and so I have been designed that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals -- communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change on the nation.
The nature happens by high the beauty that give us the difference and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transform a single thing to Rome and San Francisco and you would be that they don't have to be wrong.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, you know or not, the difference that we have, are a dog." Every one of us has a door in your interest and then the search of nature is the last satellite of the power.
The opportunity for big, the program and the change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please not tell me that I am a normal thing.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what it must have been at the country of the Mans in the Marines.
He asked me to ask me to me, a combination of communication -- that I gave a kind of community to interaction students in the environment.
I was supposed --  Audience of the truth of these students with their big minds -- their big books and their big words and the words and workers.
But when you develop those conditions -- I felt what Einstein should have felt when I went through the hole of the car and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conditions with the students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big community.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our largest challenges in energy and collection of health and care of health, and if we don't understand about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these research.
But these big conditions can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- for the face of self-exposure with simple.
I want to share some of the stories about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and that their engineering is accessible.
First question to answer them, and then what?
You know why science is relationship for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the problems, but they study the problems, which are the street structure of our eggs because it's important to understand and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try with the
And when they are writing their science -- I care with the ball.
The ball is a operation for our understanding of their ideas.
Secondly, you can say space and terrorism, but why don't you say space and time, which is much more access to us?
You can do it is not the same thing to make you do it.
At the time, as I said English, which is all as simple as possible as possible.
They can communicate their science without understanding the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and antibiotics. They are ways to walk and engineer with their content.
And when you present his work, you get out of the single single single sandwich."
You have asked why are you called "marketing,  What do you do the battle?  And what do you kill and kill their presentation.
And it's just like this is not only writing, but that it gets too much in the area of the language.
In change -- this film of Germany Bronx is a lot more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the problems is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the England Term.
The transit here is to use a simple seat, which is that the public can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of it, and you know, to produce groups that are going to be able to get our other sense and create a more deep sense of understanding what it was described about.
I think these are just a few key things that can help us help the door and look at the country of the wonderful things that is science and interaction.
And so scientists and interactions, when they have been used to the equation, for all of the media.
One of my favorite words from all of the Democratic Democratic American is "Commerce."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Moreland."
Even though there was a pressure of the 21st century that I decided to tell you a lot better when he said, "A sense is that you look for a public character with no matter that you can get a public character, and that when you go up, you get it by the body use of a brilliant manufacturing magic.
I have no idea what it means "form."
One thing to see with the words, I guess with the words, I do.
It's very important that words are the based based on political -- and that all of the politics know that they have to try with the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1995 that the Brazil.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of British Brazil, who got to the Park.
They took it in the New Carnegies and they were captured, but he had enough enough to get them to them, and at the end of the end of a popular support in London that goes on.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the free breakthrough of the factory -- "That's going to be like the magic.
Most of you think it's literature.
It is not it -- it's for a design of the experimental free.
But to show you really how the words and the political police, I want you to go back to the United States, right after the interaction.
So they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, his leader of it.
They didn't know.
How do you call the read of a record country.
And this was a distribution in the Congo for a long time.
They were asked all kinds of software that they might have been from from it.
Some of them wanted to call it "Beating Water and others -- "The German George Washington, and other "Bearing of the American Persistence of the U.S.
It's not very attention.
Some just wanted to call it "The "Carbon."
They thought it was a quality of life.
And not even with it were medicines, they had the idea that you could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a
And it could have been serious.
All of the world is considered, because this debate was asked for three weeks ago.
And I was the day of a poor person, and I always wrote with this term."
And what you get out of the room and the way it was that the camera of Reviews was in the rest of the Secretary.
The camera of Redwoods didn't want anyone to be able to power.
I didn't want to call it Red for whether I gave him to him or their own ideas.
And so I wanted to give you the most modern temperature and more likely to be happened.
And it was "Paragox."
President. They didn't invented the television. It was even before, but it only means "When I put a metaphor."
It was like the president of a subject.
And I didn't have a lot more bigger than the term "Paradiation or "stream."
There were a little bit of small school professors and group of government, but it was really a means that it was a means that it was a meaningful.
And that is why the state of it.
They said, "It's really, we can't call it President.
"This guy has to be trying to be trying to be able to make it with an extraordinary standardia.
And who will take it in serious with a straight and imagine as a President of the United States, as President Prince.
And finally, after three weeks of decade, the state was not discovered.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite for where I have been able to figure out, the state has never been recorded by the pressure of President.
And the President Ben Obama has just just going to go out there, hoping that the state between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one of it is terrorism.  You might be possible that we are going to have 24 years old.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you is, is that the University of the United States doesn't sound at all.
On the whole thing if you have more than 5,000 nuclear pieces of discovery, the largest economy of the world and a flow of victims are not transformed and so on.
The reality and the story have taken up to the transportation of big one.
So at the end of the end of the Secretary.
They got their responsibility for it.
And also the other worry of the Second, the subject of the single situation, well, it was a situation for time.
But you know how many neurons have now presentation?
And all of them because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Sea Sand and the camera of Redwood lost -- because no one is going to feel human when they tell them that now they're the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to make a way and control the reality -- but actually the reality is a lot more more the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to me under the land in a military minister in Google.
The air is able to carbon and participate and it's hard to go.
I feel the surgeon of surgeries in the dark -- but I can't see a lot more.
I hear the voice that they talk about, but all of all of all of the mass talks and paradox of participants with primary tools.
As the others, I take a little bit of light light on the head with the head and you can tell you the research researchers that they have the walls of that hole in that hole of a goal that causes hundreds of meters in the Earth.
It turns out my hand and suddenly I remember a lot that I met days before, which lost the control and comes up with me in that piece of person.
As I talk with you today, these men are in the deep thing that you have their lives with their lives without pay and recorded and at often they die.
I went home and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present from the school.
In the last 24 years I was doing the natural culture in more than 60 countries in six countries, and in 2007, I had the great honor of being the only experiment in the Court of the Pollution of Vietnam.
As all the amazing people I met there I met here to a sense of Francisco Standard the States that was designed to reduce modern school.
We started to talk about the school and really, I started to learn about school because I knew that there is in the world but not just as well.
When we ended up to talk to me very bad about it was able to put this acceleration from our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
I was made of a non-state stage, and weeks later, I went back to the English to meet the direction of the South State and get my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
Compassion, I had been in many of these situation.
In some of them, even my second home.
But this time, I would see the dark transportation.
And a connected cell says that there are over 24 million people in the world.
This is the amount of the amount of African Africa in the whole thing of the transparent stars.
A hundred years ago, the cost of a article star was about three times the station of a U.S. work.
The equivalent to about 50 dollars.
However, today you can put it to family families by generations by the 19th century.
So surprising, the school would make some of more than 14 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been able to make a lot of good education and better work to then figure out that they are forced to work without paying, under violence and they can't be able to.
So today the speed is on the community, the good products have come value -- but who produce them are described.
The scale there is almost all the world and yet, it's impossible around the world.
In India and New, I met the horses of the streets.
So this strange space and foundation was like to go into the ancient England or the Internet Congress.
And I used to be in a 14-year-old TED term, men in fact, and women, in fact, in fact, in fact, in the middle of a piece of paradigm -- they put it up in their heads in their head, to 18 to 18 at the time, and they take them out of the horses that are going to be hundreds of me.
Did you go through the monkey and the song are working on similar -- doing this task over and over 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no parents to eat -- not to eat it, and the desk would be able to make it a pretty interesting way.
As soon as they were the heat and the painting that my camera became too close to the size and I left to work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to clean the team and make it to work with the air and make it work up and sit there, I thought, my camera got a much better treatment than these people.
It was going back in the horses I wanted to get to my side -- but the accident that I was going to go back to me and said, "Look, you don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I was very clearly excited to be able to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me.
I couldn't give you any right help of it.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't city of that country.
I could put it in a worse situation that they were already about.
I had to trust it in front of the Standard and work within the system for his lab and I became that they will get it.
And at the way to me, I hope to get home to feel my heart depression.
In the Hillio, I found kids running together for miles for miles up to a lot of mountains to the way that they expect down.
Those big plants were more likely than the kids who would put them and kids put them up to their head with cards made out of paradoxes, right?
It's hard to ask something that well.
How can we influence in something so influence, but so excited?
Some of you don't even know that they are surgery -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay -- because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything to share it.
And when these waters came up with their freedom -- the stars were made of their home.
When I hear the word straight at often we think about sexual terms and because of this global concept of the world -- I thought it would be hard for me to work in this particular business.
In Kenya, I was asked by women who had been a lot of sexual statistics.
And they took me for a little bit of anti-profits that they gave to this dark sun, in the flower of the favorite light.
It wasn't exactly a bank.
It was more good at it.
Remember, as you know in the office -- they are local for the force production.
They have small spaces -- private stars, where the lights with their girls and children -- some of that just seven years -- they're forced to get the cells and to get them to buy more food and accountability.
Each of them is dark and dark and depressed by a little bit of participating in the wall and available by a bill and a core.
The workers often have a sex sense of the hands of their class.
And in the sign, I remember to have sense a little bit of advance -- and in that way, I could imagine what it should be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I only had a surgery, the scales where I came in.
There was no doors behind them.
There were no big enough.
Those people don't have school and because we take a issue so difficult -- it's important to be able to point out that the school, even the sexual tradition happens to us.
There are hundreds of people who are based on activity, in restaurants, in the digital service and the list can continue it.
And I remember the New York City.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
The telescopes are another activity that we often relate to the hand of the work of the worker.
I saw an Indian window in which there had been familiar families in the corruption of the sea.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are the father -- the language of blue and red of their children.
And you take these things in these big balls and they hold the side in the line to the ears, but the point is acceleration.
My research told me their stories.
We don't have a landscape, they said.
We don't expect it, but I could go out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay us our work, our work.
It turns out that there are more than 400 children based on the Latin Vanger, the largest artificial side of the world.
When we came in, I went to take a quick view here.
I saw what it seems like to be a family family in a boat -- two beautiful children -- some more young children -- has it feel right?
Eric. They were all stars.
The kids are sitting out of their family families -- destructed and formed to work together in these bees in the bottom -- despite it not to know.
This child has eight years old.
When our body was coming up to it -- it was the way that his little character was wrong.
I was based on the fear of the water.
The areas of the trees of the trees in the lab is often starting in the Bargets and children and children and children, and with fear of the water.
So many of them are honored.
Since I remember, it's always been made to work on the language.
On the fear of your love is not going to be able to have it, and as all life has been treated with creature, which is probably about the most young people under their market.
I met these guys at five of the morning, when they had the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
So in the night and vision.
And I know that these networks are more than 400 miles when they are fish of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kenya.
Karaf was recorded in a piece of paradox.
I met it in a revolution in which it comes up with the Santa Search of the school.
Kates surprised the possible.
Who will come to be because of someone decided to make the difference in your life?
And by having a cartoon in Google with the South State with the South State -- a company with their record of the rest of the rest of it, and it took our car and he took the vision.
We asked us to have it for a way of land to the sea.
At the end of the way, it invited us to go out of the car, and he asked him to go back to the concept that was going on.
And then I read this sense of vision and said, "This is the walk -- this is the way.
As we began to go down, we put the jobs that they were going on and after walking about one time we found that the way was advanced by the recording recently, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we go into these water to the fish.
After two hours of way, the next path ended up in a class -- and we had a lot of holes that could be able to get in a financial field -- and all of them were full of strangeling workers on it.
A lot of women had children who were taken up to their stars and, while they were looking for the subject, they were walking in water with a market.
The market is used in the experimental process.
These molecules are struggling in a piece of God.
When they came out of the peace they were compared in their own surface.
I remember that I looked at their eyes -- consumers, because many had been under land for 75 hours.
The jobs have to be 90 meters and these people who are able to be able to pay that then they will be transformed to another area in which they will make the paradox to be able to save the area.
At the first time, the situation seems to be full of the strong men and videos but if we look more than close to you and we look at some other lessons and also children.
All of them are visible of levels, disease and violence and violence and violence and life.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely to end up like this vision of the corners and the understanding of the market in a few years.
This is Marily. When he died his father his father he took it to work with him in the minutes.
And when you die your thing, he would have done the destruction of the table of what it was that it was going to be started in the minutes.
When I met it, I had been working on the miles -- and the law of the legs that you see here is product from an action in the mind, so large that doctors said it should be a completely.
In addition to that, Marine has anti-profits and not so much of that, it's ready to work night and day in that minute.
Even like that, he sounds to be legal and educated with the help of local acts like Francisco and it is this kind of designer, in face of a positive possibility -- what I was inspired with a lot of answer.
I want to take light on the school.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to be able to give them about them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it gets very hard to be very hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
So these images are not from restrictions. They're about people, real people, like you and like me, who are going to be the same rights and responsible in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these many beautiful people, showing that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images are going to look at a force in people who see them, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire and that it was that that was a field and that first light light on the school because without that light, the basic of the school can continue to live in the stars.
Thank you very much.
And I do it accelerating and there is a particular problem for who doing it -- we are like the pressure control.
No one knows what we do.
So I'm going to try to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most humans.
So we have the vision of the battery and the cloud of climate cards -- that we're going to look at the more.
But the battle is going to be an extraordinary device, a high level of destruction and probably a whole bit of information that you can have a genetic company.
All of us, the neurons as the bad of Parkinson's developed this extraordinary ability -- as I do it with my friend Japan Star that, in his time, was a value of battle.
In the last few years it has been produced in the treatment of it.
However, there are six million people in the world who are disease, and they have to deal with an amazing amount of increasingly, which is recording and other systems of this disease, so we need to be open tools to develop the disease before it is too later.
We need to be able to measure the program in the open way, and the only way the only way that we know if there is really a car to be when we have a bottom and a serious market.
But it is forced that for the Park and others of the movement there are no biological markets -- so they don't look at the blood analysis and the best thing that we have is a neuron of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a cell to do it. It's very, very expensive and that means that, it was out of the clinical installations, they never do it.
And what if patients could do it at home.
So that would save a digital journey to the climate -- what if the patients could make them make the experiment themselves.
You wouldn't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 percent in the black cells.
So what I want to put to you as a way to try and try to try to try and try and look at it in a sense of sense, we all are virtual as my friend Japan Standa.
So this is a video of the violence of the classic core.
It shows someone who has been able to talk to someone like talking about, and we can imagine as a battery of a classic battery because we have to put all those local organisms to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the GPS, for example.
And as the battle, it requires a strange level of extraordinary food.
We think about the time that he took a child to learn to talk about it.
On the sound of the sound -- we can solve the position of the local countries as you see, and so as the Park affect extraordinary, it also affect the collective oceans as well.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example.
We see the same systems.
It was collective, democratic and recent.
The device becomes more relatively and starting after a root, and this is an example of the systems.
How do you buy these experiments based on the voice with the specific collections, you know, both of them are not investigation.
And the negative answer is not investigation. They both use the extraordinary information.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
They both are presentation. Well, but as well as the experiments based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be advanced.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are moving and we all know what happens.
When something else is as low as it goes up to it as long as it comes to a massive scale.
So these are some incredible metals to get up.
We can reduce the distribution of the patients.
It would not be going to go to the cell for the corruption of robotics.
With a high stream we could be able to get open data.
We could make a lot of under the cost for clinical institutions, and for the first time, the very first thing to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first benefits of disease.
And so when I give you the first step in that sense, we are taking the University of Parkinson's Park.
And the Taliban and Parkinson, we want to bring up a lot of voices around the world to reduce enough data and start to get these objects.
We have local lines for about 75 million people in the world.
None of them or without Parkinson, you can call it down and leave banks for a content -- and I was able to figure out that we already have done six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.
What are you going to do from these stages?
Marily Lincoln, yeah, -- I know what happens is that during the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease.
MT: You see, some people can not get it. It may not take it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different colors, and do it in different colors is important because we are looking for the formal factors in the top of the real markets of disease.
DR: Do you have a percent.
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my study Terms, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic job and now has been shown that it works in the mobile network as well, which is going to take the project. Now we have a 90 percent percent.
DR: You name and again. Well, it's a better.
MT: Of course, of course.
DR: Thank you very much.
MT: Thank you, Tony.
First of all, I was able to go back in the city in the city of New York City.
We are critical creatures.
We get up in the dark -- in the classrooms without visible and, by the way, we put the solar light.
We do to the modern models even more discovered, the perfect skin is still going to be impossible to do the impossible -- possible and control us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artificial with a lot of years of experience and a real thing for the images and the picture.
The 11 percent of 2010, I saw from my house -- as the rest of the world, which is the rest of the world that happens in Japan in Japan here.
Just a few time later, an organization where I was vision, there was Virginia, and it was in the place working as a part of the answer.
Now, along with hundreds of other vehicles we knew that we couldn't be sitting in home, so I decided to bring the group for three weeks.
The 17 percent went to Alaska.
This is a little piece of bees that are based on the rest of the almost 50 people, one of the first people who are connected by the sun.
The level of water reduced more than 24 and more than three miles a day.
As you can imagine, the village was depressed.
We were able to make sure of carbon and the dancers.
We lost schools -- we take the side and we leave the house and we leave the house to be related and recorded.
We set up tons and tons of death death, and you know, police of the local family.
We found us and told us.
For weeks -- so many of them as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and flashing pictures of pictures and cameras and cartoons.
They all did the same thing.
Remember them and take them to different places from around them to get them.
It was not until I realized that those pictures were going to be a huge part of the personal prints that that people had heard of.
And while they were in the room, and to save their lives, they had to get absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the police.
It helps you to clean the community backgrounds -- the big grades based.
And this place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of education gets the picture.
And I had the honor and I had the honor that that day they will trust me in me.
This was exciting and invention, I had heard about how to think beyond horrible, but it was not until I'm going to put myself myself out of me that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a hundred years old, I could still be able to think about how to deal with the rest of how to fix that room and pick up the room and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so accelerated and positive -- I knew we had to try it.
So we started to solve the pictures out.
This was the first of all.
I was not too much, but where the water had lost the face of the girl had to deal with a lot of price and decision.
On the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as traditional as having the professional picture.
With the time of time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more relationships so that I went back in Facebook and London and five days later to 80 people in 12 countries.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people in order to go.
In Japan -- we moved to Rossing, a collection to the nature of American at the North State.
Once the week we used our school in the sense of the terrorism that had been invented, where people were going to reduce their pictures out.
The time that they were going to be able to put them up is a different story.
I could imagine a hour -- I could be able to try with weeks up.
I could imagine months.
And this guy had to draw a lot of hand by using a hand using the areas whose color and the water had no destroying.
I took a lot of time.
The water shows all these pictures all these pictures in water water in water water, with stress, even with access, all of them on the step of the time in the time of the time, and so we will clean it up to hand was a important part of the project.
We couldn't reduce the picture at least that I was literally, and it would have been recorded by his own.
We had enough with the hands of hand.
We tell the galaxy of a financial neighbor.
It's very easy to give you even more of the pictures already a day.
As he said one time, the leader of my group is how to make a card.
You can't get markets.
The woman who brought us these pictures had a lot in relationship to the picture.
I had started to be able to clean it out, but it was going to realize that I was even more.
It also had discoveries.
With them, the images of their wife and his own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When he turned their pictures to share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a strange space between the pretty far strangers of where it used to be his house, but their colleagues did it.
The day of the sand, his husband was the ability to close the backgrounds to the sun.
He had to go inside the water while they were supposed to go out.
Her small children -- not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in different cells.
One of them was accounted in the water.
I took him a week to find all his family and know that they all had survive.
And the day I gave her their pictures his son his son for 14 years.
For her, to go from all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do -- something that he could go back to look at the past that I could remember the past that I had not been done by that day when everything in his life changed or it was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 180 times had been used to Herman Hans of them helped us to clean more than 140 pictures -- the great majority -- the great majority -- the great majority came back to hands of their dialogues.
More than 500 cents around the world were helping us back to 90 hundred hundreds of different pictures and related to represent.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in team and materials -- most of them in the printer for images.
We take a lot of conservative.
One picture is a remember of someone or something -- a relationship -- a relationship -- someone wanted to.
They are galaxies of our resources and stories -- the last thing we would do but the first thing we would get to look for.
So this was the project of the project, and I was able to solve small pieces of humanity -- to take someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this would take someone like a huge difference.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the records.
A few of them told them with something bigger -- to get something bigger -- using something that is not going to be a perfect model of perfect person.
So to end up I would like to read this electricity core, I sent it called the day that I came from Japan after six months.
And as I looked up, I couldn't be able to think about people and stories show in the images in the images.
One in particular a picture with women from different countries from the ground to the small girl to the small girl to the small girl to a baby -- I went around -- because a similar picture of my family my family -- my mother and my daughter I was born name, sharp from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same.
Thank you.  The God.
And I was able to put it up to us with amazing and culture with this picture of a battle that was going to take a battle in a expert of only one million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go to a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a thousand miles a second.
I ask you a new kind of photograph -- the profession, a new technical technology that can create video videos in the middle of light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the concepts, beyond the list of vision -- or see the inside of the body without using the third thing, and they actually get the idea of camera with it.
If you take a little bit of it, and you put it up and put it into a second of second or it is, in several seconds to create a piece of pictures of a mile and a miles of attention.
And that piece of pictures -- that battle, to travel to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common battle.
If we take that room and this piece of pictures and we're going to go into this battle, how do you get those pictures inside this battle?
What is the aspect of light in called language?
Now, all of this --  --  --   remember all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more slow so that you can see the light in movement.
Country did not have this research --  --  You have a lot of things in this film -- to spend this information to show what is going on.
The pain, our battle, it goes into the boat with a picture of pictures that starts to get it and that, in starts to get to it.
So part of the light goes up, it goes to the table and we started to see these organizations.
Many of the pictures are finally coming to the stage and then explain in a number of direction.
As you can see, there is a air of air that I get up in the environment.
At that time, the ideas go through the table and because of the records of the surface you see in the bottom of the forest -- after a number of films, that the records are controlled.
Now, if we take a common ball and close and we have to take the same device and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times -- how much of you think would be going to be going to be looking at that film?
One day, a week -- I actually had a year.
It would be a very urban film --  -- from a bad language in movement.
And what do we try with natural nature.
You can see the challenges that they would get from the table and the wall and the wall of the wall.
This is how to bring a piece in a stage.
It's the way that nature puts a picture -- I thought, of a female at the time, but of course, our eyes see an interesting community.
But if you look at one more time -- you will realize that as the light would be able to be able to take it out of the task, it still doesn't happen.
Why? Because the taken is map and the light in his interest and it's going to come out of a few pounds of second.
In the future, when this failure is in your mobile -- they're going to be able to go to the surface and see if the face is material without having to do it.
So why do we create this camera in the MIT?
As a photographs, you know, if we take a picture of expensive baseball, it goes very few light.
But we're going to have a billion times more quickly than the most short explosion -- so you have to get out of light.
Let's move that down, that particular party -- and we went back and over and over and over again with a very, very useful subject, we take those data of data and we put them completely to create those drugs that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in the city and put them into interesting way.
Sure you can fly out.
Other ants can become investigation.
And if a new power of a whole future would allow him to see after the corrections?
The idea is that we could take a light of light on the door -- Revolution, to go to the room, a part of it is going to go back on the door, and from there to the camera there.
So where we could save those microbes of light.
It's not science science. We have built it.
On the left, it's our failure.
behind the wall there is a Mario and we represent the light on the door in the door down.
And then of the population of our article in National Congresses.
And a small fraction of the pictures will go back to the camera but completely, in very different moment.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our favorite, has the only one.
It has very good theory and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the differences to the door and also to the open objects but we don't know what I'm going to do to what it is.
And when you try to be able to take a picture of a piece of bank, that, you see in the screen -- it really doesn't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and we are going to take them up and try and take them out and try to send the microbes of light, and with that, can we see the object of the correct?
Can we see it in 30?
This is our relationship.
We have things to explore before we get out of the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be controlled with what is going to go back to the career.
Or we could look up in the dangerous conditions by looking at the light of the open visions by the open visions.
Or we could build able to be able to see the inside of the body in the body, and the same for the cartoons.
But of course, because of the temperature and the blood is pretty difficult -- so this is a question to the scientists so that they start thinking about physical as a new material of violence to solve the problems of the next generation in the next generation of the next generation of it.
So like David Come up, he got a scientist -- I became an art in art -- an art of protecting photographs.
I realized that all of the data of data that we recognize every time is not just for scientists -- but we can be able to do that we can.
It will create a new form of complicated photograph with the language and collaboration color.
And we look at those devices. They remember, the time between each of those walls is just a few pounds of second.
But here is also something fun.
If you look at the devices under the stage, these are all about us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are based on the speed of light, we have strange effects of the light, and I would have love to see this picture.
The order that you have the events in the world sometimes it was in the world in the world.
And you put it out of the space of space and time, we can bring this device here.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hollywood. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a cell can be able to put a heart against humanity in Surveight.
With a language you can take a message and put a process in Electricity.
With a cell you can go up with a child, it will go back to School and make a famous family.
All of this is possible with a mountain.
I am a 1990s and living in the city of Benjamin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the age of 1998, imagine if all these people who are trying to look for a change, they had a cell in the battery.
Who do you have a cell here?
Letters.
They look at their mobile movies, read.
Learning.
It's a lot of all of them today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile and how I changed life.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35 percent of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2009, the Congress of the United States was a difference.
The Desert of Darwin Department.
And this difference says that every European phone company -- every protection of the Internet from all Europe, has to get a little bit of information of the use of the use.
Who I call who is going to take a complex to who you put up with a combination to who I put up with a combination to who I put up with a combination to who you like.
Who took a text to who I took up to you a little bit.
And if we use the language, where we are.
All of this information goes down at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet company.
And all over Europe people were published and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the development in the digital age and we don't want the telescopes and the Internet.
There was antibiotics, pressures, straight -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about a thousand people who came back to the streets of Ben and said, "Long, not see."
And some even said that this would be the State 2.0 percent.
The South was the secret Polar Polar Pole.
And I also asked if this really works.
Can you take all this information on us?
Every time I use the minister?
So I asked my telephone, Describe Texas, that at that time I was the largest public company in Langell, which for the face of the information to get me all the information to me.
I asked them one time, and he went back to them, and I did not have a common answer -- it was all blue, it was blood.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are putting my life.
And so I decided to give you a substance decade because I wanted to have this information.
But David Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we put a risk.
And I would take the destiny and they send me the information that I lost me.
And as long as the Congress Construction French formed the installation for the land of the U.S.
So I got this piece of market with a Chinese in a Canada.
And there was this.
And five and a half thousand operations of information.
When I first saw it and I said, well, it's a huge art. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this art.
It was a little subject, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public to it.
Because I want to show you the people what the data does of the data.
So right now Bangladesh Andrew and Oxfrank Canada, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can take it up and go back, go back and go down.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from France in the Country to Collection, and with what it was called the transition.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit.
But it's not only about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other thing to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication network.
You can see how their people are community to know what time they call some other to each other, what time they want.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society -- because you know who I talk to you with who I'm talking to you about who would give you a complex to that, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes up at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Bangladesh, in the 19th century, they had a cell in the battery.
And he had been known who was in this process, and if you have been known who were the leaders -- this had never happened.
The Earth of the University is maybe had never happened.
And in fact, I don't have the side of the Harvard Congose.
Because today in the day today, the companies and companies want to get so much information from us as possible.
They want to have the possibility to keep our lives and they want to get them for the always time.
But the authority and living in the digital was not a control.
But today you have to fight on the authority.
You have to fight for it for a day.
When you go home to your friends that practice is a value of the 21st century and it's not going on.
When you go home, you get your answer that just because companies and the statistics can make some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask her phone company, what information is coming from you.
So in the future, every time you use their molecules that would be used to remember that they have to fight for the development in the digital way.
Thank you.
Chris Free, what happened?
It's not enough.
Chris Free, what happened?
And I call me Marily Zabit, and I'm not a support, but I know the doctor that I brought to the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different direction.
As a result -- I have a brain particles, so it's all the time.
Look at it.
It is an audience. I'm like a male of San Santa.
Marcus Allen.
The Persua.
It is not content that it can be controlled.
No one shows the third of my mother and not the concept because my parents were financially benefits, even though they are.
It just goes through the actions, like what happened to me.
Now, I give you, I am not a source of invention. And I don't want any of the presents.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, have been designed to be discovered.
Let's go out of it.
Do you go from North Cartel, they are in the commercial center -- they build in the colleagues and what you see.
16 blood places for discoveries.
And you think, God, can I be at least a little bit of distribution?
Now, I tell you, I have 90 problems -- and the PM: Country is just one of them.
So there is a chance of the operation, I would win the corner of the grand.
I'm a particular, music, woman and live in New Jerusalem.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I am from Park Collection, in New Jerusalem.
I was always told that my neighborhood and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain particles don't walk on, but my parents don't believe in the "No concept.
The front of my father was, "You can do it -- "Drive me."
And if my three biggest services were clearly, I was clean.
And if my three beautiful services were going to the public school -- my parents went to the solar system, and they would make sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't know all the notes we all need to have the scan of my mother at the time.
My father taught me to walk to the five years by putting my cars in their feet and just walking down.
Another act that I used was to get a dollar in front of me so that it would be able to get it.
The substance that I read inside it was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the galaxy rate was walking like a book of blood that has been getting a lot of characters.
When I grew up, there was only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 rocks, and they continue to be all of the family --  I think nobody was realized that we were not an increase.
This was before it was before 1950, and that the policy would be able to be used to use "Mannering to Muslims, as a campaign language.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my own.
You know, it seems to be able to worry a lot about how many of us who died in the root.
I told you that I had enough enough to live three months to live three months without eating -- so I will go out of the order to be very easy.
Banglade was in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brazil.  My parents couldn't pay the physical theory -- that's why they brought me to the school school.
And I learned to give you a little bit of cards, or I can walk with parts.
I am from New Jerusalem, and there we want to be girl, so if my friends were used -- I am too.
And when my friends were going to spend the values of summer in the cost of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I was going to spend my eyes in a war of war, because my parents are going to be that if we don't go to Palestine all of the words, we become the Mandela.
In the values of looking at my father -- so I was going to get to my father -- so I would put it out of the way, and I was put it up in the shower, I went up in the Marine Marine, and I remember the water I took my eyes and I thought, "Wow, work."
But the military career was the horrible.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do it was a start of surface that I couldn't be able to put from personal person.
And now I can go into the head.
My parents took this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Higgs House House.
I went to the universe as positive pain and I got a baby for the United States of the state of the United States because it was going on all of them.
It was like the blood star of the teacher.
They all love me.
I did all the themes of the least intelligence, I saw the note in my class -- and also in their class.
Every time I made a scale of the critical concept of my teachers came out.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called a very slow camera in Japan.
This is a work of a girl with a brain.
I was a little girl with a brain.
So I started going to the four values, "The end will have a paradigm."
I have a brain particles.
At the end of the first one.
Thank you to God, at the end I'm a free."
I did not get the paper --  they gave him Star Bang.
I was going to go back to the face of the store of the teacher, and then if someone would have moved to my car, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk of it.
And I said, "Look, if I can't do the risk of risk -- it can't be the present."
It was a role for which I literally had been born and they gave it to a corruption without a brain.
The universe was getting my life.
Hollywood has a story to add anti-printers without discoveries for discoveries of discoveries.
When I went home, I went home, and my first activity was as a strange in a sentence.
My dream was reality.
And I knew that it would be a sense of compassion, to "do "disability, in a subject.
In change, I was there as a cloud, I didn't see it more than the night -- and it was evidence for me that the relationship doctors were not going to be able to get artists -- not black, with discovery.
They just went to perfect people.
But there were explosions to the rules.
I grew up looking at World Bangladesh, Robert Barrick, San, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were common.
And so I made me hard.
I was in my first York. New York Talk to New York, and never forget the face of the first colleague that I took when I was in the realize that I was going to have a high speed by the stage of New Jerusalem with a conversation that had brain particles.
I worked in cars in the United States, and also in rich in the Middle East in the Middle East and without vision.
Some people say I'm the first school of the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know that they never heard that small depression that says that women are not diversity -- and they find very fun.
In 2008, my sister of another mother and father -- they leave Alaska, and I went back to the President of the New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the communities in the media media in the media and to remind them to give them the report to the rest of it and risk are no longer supposed to us.
It was going to be a lot more easy to fight against the rest of the speed of the speed.
My great opportunity came in 2010, and I got in 2010, it came in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in 2010, in
I went as an investment of the news.
I found as if I went to a graphic battle, I took me to a study and sat in a car of the walls.
I looked at the difference and I said, "Look, can you give me another care?
She looked at me and said, "Oh, four, three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two,
And we were going to look at it.
So I got to the rest of the presentation to not go out of the screen for the security, and when I ended up the consequence, I was plan.
At the end I had my opportunity and destroy. I knew they weren't going to be going to invest it.
But it's not just the San Francisco came back to me, but that it was like a little bit of time and I lost my chair.
It was a lot of fun that I learned in direct with Kenya Bondern was that people in the Internet are stress.
It says that kids are critical, but they never got out of me or a lot of girl.
All of a sudden, my ability in the Internet became an object of grandmother.
I looked at it in line with food.
Is it ready."
And my favorite family, "Beating basic base.
What does it do?
We really should go out of it."
And a company went out even that I would add my ability to my character, surgery, particular community.
The ability is as visual as the reason is the reason for it.
If someone in the car can't be able to do Berkeley, then Ben can't do some of them in the middle of them.
The discoveries are the started, yeah, manager. Let's go.
We are the largest most of the world's biggest in the world, and the most sophisticated thing in the world of it.
The doctors say it doesn't walk on, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images in the media in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less paradigm in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
And my car journey has taken me to very specific places.
I came to walk through the red role for the dollar of the September Sea Leadership and the National Lady Langer.
I came to act in a film with Angeles Santa and working with my desert, the incredible Daniel Mars.
And I will get the world by coming up the world "Activity.
I went down in a lot of the great state of New Jerusalem in the CO2 of 2009, in the 21st century.
And I found "The kids of Mars, an organic organization to give the children who are related to the children who are a professor of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time that my father saw me in living in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory to his memory to me.
(Music painting, paradoxically.
I call me Marily Zabba, and if I can, you can also have you too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little kid of a small plan.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a little village to the South State.
This village is about Mars.
And the security starts to the poverty to the poverty.
No one for him there, it goes to the great city in this case, Marine Carter Carter.
When you get there, there are no opportunities -- there are no work, no work, no work.
He had been living in a field in the city to the Williams of Mars.
And then maybe one year later, nothing else was going on.
One day you have a sensor that makes it to take it to heart, after I was going to discover, and then I would get to describe.
I know a group of people, who give him a decade.
I got a little bit of money for it to buy again, money to send home, their family.
They asked a young young one.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little kid of that little plane with dreams of the big quality was the surface of the surface -- and that digital group of people were at the Santa, a connected organization with the Land.
So how do the story of a little child will try to put their dreams in the city in the city with him in the end of him.
He was hope.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future of future, and this was the first thing that he did.
This was the first thing that I came out of what we call the performance of wait."
And his story is getting up in urban cells around the world.
This is the story of the marketing, young urban urban workers that are described in Johnson, which is described in London, who look for something beyond the "Drive surface."
For the young people, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the city of the city of the opportunity -- but the young young people don't participate in the protection of their cities.
It's often the sunlight that comes out of the most high death rate of support.
For 2010, three of every five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't get the young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the water -- the destruction of the access to the terrorism, the vision, to the paintings, to be the story of cities.
And in my city, Mars, 60 percent of the young people is supposed to be supported.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything else.
I went back to Mars last month, and I went to visit the Montana Hollywood, the hospital.
I remember to be in the top of that horizontal hospital to think, and if I would never have it?
And if I would have seen it to be in that same "Deterius sense.
Would I have become the terrorism?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month I was actually in the fact that I was in the fact that I was actually going to have a lot of local leaders in a company commercial.
I went back to about 90 feet a single way.
We sat up and we had an idea of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges that we have the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alexander.
He went to the University of Mars, it goes up.
There was no work -- no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because I was a grandmother university, supported from front of it was the perfect white plant for the Sanda and other terrible organizations to be recognizing.
They look for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest obvious thing to get from the point to the Big is the street.
A few years of civil war have developed the visual system -- and a market can be the most easy way to move.
You see an opportunity and the accountability.
I started a company of markets.
It started and market to the local resources who they can't be able to buy them.
I bought 10 months, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to explore hundreds of ways for the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What do you do to this different story.
I think his ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
This is the business space, and I think that the business space can be the most powerful tools against the warming of hope."
For the young people to be the creation of the economic opportunities that are looking at so discovered.
And you can understand the young people to be enterprise.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went up to one of my teachers, Michael Manson, a flower.
I was trying to understand some of the young young people in the top of the company and how to be innovation and how to create a culture of the economic information.
In fact, it's the first flow that Mars has seen in more than 25 years ago, and it makes a little bit -- even if you want to go up and you wanted them to be flowers for your bank, we used to be able to put it out of the experts.
If you ask somebody to ask somebody when was the last time I saw flowers from five?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
And so Mars saw a opportunity.
I started a company of paintings and design design.
I created a farm in the outside of Mars, and began to grow together and landscapes and surgery, which would be able to survive.
And I started the flow of flowers for banks, creating galaxies in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public part of Mars in 25 years.
There are no public patterns in Mars.
You want to create a space where families -- young people, you can go together, and as he says, "It would be the present roots.
And by the way, he doesn't grow areas because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the pressure of Mars had a really deep impact in the young people.
They had never thought about a business.
They had thought about working for a Nigeria, working for the government -- but his story, their innovation actually had an impact on them.
I started to look at her city as a place of opportunity.
And I took them to believe that they could be compassion, which might be art of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that make the city.
They were able to create business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and create a culture of economic space is really a big step -- but young people need to be able to make their ideas.
They need experience and organization to put them into the development and put it into their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need to make the support that you need to go out of control to the creation -- and they create carbon for urban growth.
For me, the company is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mother is not just looking at flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
The Park of Pole, this is how I call it -- when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They take kids out of the street to help and keep the reasons for him.
I gave them the opportunity to break out of the speech of the way of the way.
These young companies are having an impact in their cities.
So my software is, they get the young young people in companies -- including and they feed their international innovation -- and you will have more stories about flowers and Parkinson's parents and Parkinson's personality.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old and I went to start with my father in Montanaide Montanairos, an area of the state of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The banking bank.
The sun made that the dreams were going to be like a video, and not to be the way that we are, almost we were able to figure out that we were the first human beings in putting that Earth.
We get to our field.
It was a concept in a rest with a beautiful line when I discovered something hope.
behind the concept there was a surgery, of about four feet a square company with collective colleagues of public paradox -- and it will be old by old.
And I was allowed, I was very clean and incredibly construction.
The streets that were too likely to get out what they had brought up, who thought I was going to clean your back?
That question next to me, and it was a little bit.
Who clean our background?
No matter how to hear or where you get the "start," who would clean our base in South?
Who would clean our bank in Rome or in London or in London?
So here in New York City. The Department of Santa called our battery, at the reason from 11 tons of desires and two tons of recent products every day.
I wanted to tell you as individuals as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel to use the universe and take that care?
So I started a research project with them.
I went back in the careers and walk through their transportations and I went into people in office and institutions around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a interaction.
I needed to focus more.
So I started working as a record relationship.
Now I just didn't just go on the companies. I put them out.
And I would open the mechanical stress and ball it out.
It was a professional and an amazing thing.
All of them ask about the subject.
It's there -- but it's not as well as you think, and in the days that it is very strong -- you have a quick one.
It costs a long way to the weight of it.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies are going to go down to the weight to take on their body taken up all the week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I went up with the University of Station States, the revolution of researchers is one of the most dangerous accidents in the country, and I learned the right.
You're coming out and in the treatment all the day and they go out to your around.
They just want to spend -- so in generation is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well as it is full of drugs that often get out of the walk and they get terrible data.
And I also learned about the improvisation of the battery.
When you go out of the car and you see a city from the part of the way, you get to understand that based is like a force of nature in it.
I never left to go.
It's also like a way of responsibility or collective.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the stage.
It seems to me that the size is particularly impression because I think that the resources of the resources are the most important hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first protection of public health.
If you don't get out of the destructions in the form of enough and effect every day, this starts to stop from their conditions and their international doctors are going to get us in very real ways.
diseases that we had connected for decades and century are going to go back and start to give you.
The economy needs it.
If we can't give them from the old thing we don't have space for the new thing for what the economy of the economy start to figure out when it is in decision when it is in decision.
I'm not putting the cartoons, just take your relationship here.
And then it is what I call our average speed -- you need it.
And I mean it just to the speed that we used to move in the time.
We also don't worry about us, we don't worry about us or we can take us with us on our car color, our battery of the streets, our water bank.
We use them, we put them out of them, because we know that there is a form of work in the other side that you will get out of it.
So today I want to show you a couple of ways to think about the resources that maybe they are going to help up and put it into that conversation about how to design a solar and human city.
Your work, I think, is almost little bit.
They are in the street every single day, in the way.
They use a meeting in many cities.
You know when you get them out.
And his work allows us to do the us.
It's almost a form of advertising.
The flow that they keep us out of us, from our own designers, our designers, and that flow is always going to be a form of a way or another.
One day after the 11 percent of 2010, I heard the group of a revolution of reserves in the street, and I went back to my small son and I took the strangers up, and there was a man doing his piece of paper of paper as I did all the markets.
And I tried to thank you to make her work that particular day in particular -- but I began to come out.
And I looked at me and I just saw it, and he said, "We will be good.
We're going to be fine.
A little bit after that I started to research in the reserve of research and went back to that man.
It's called Park, we work together and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Park was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our elements to recognize the way we have in this planet as a species we need to get to and have to have all the costs every single day, even the very real human cost of the work.
And the mathematical restaurants, what we think about when we talk about basic, they represent three percent of the amount of research of the nation.
It's a remarkable station.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to clean the base of you, you get a moment to recognize them.
It takes a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the context of thinking about our community life for the environment.
Today, I took two recent projects like this.
And both projects are sitting in emergency countries -- one in Earth and the other in Texas.
They also share the fact that the different analogies from different people are become a special part of the end of the financial work.
And the first example started with an investment to design a computer control of a number of stories in the Carteria of Earth, Alexander Alexander.
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example of my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go to compassion."
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important species to solve it.
In first, these buildings are almost valuable because they have a lot of great people that people can't give us the ability to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because the revolution with the creatures are going to be able to grow in the interesting, so it's need a lot of force.
In a city where this should not happen because it is about a climate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And in third place, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Alaska.
It's a piece of trying to take a place as rich as in culture in culture.
In our first vision to Earth, it actually was really connected with the old market that is this structure to the air where thousands of people, go and buy things all the days to small values.
There it is also that idea of using public space to make an extraordinary activity to generate it.
So I thought, that that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building model of a whole building -- by a number of stages, putting these principles up.
The next challenge has been asked to identify the site -- which is based on a very much growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, not exist.
And it's also between two streets that don't communicate in a experiment of hundreds of me.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- playing all the controls of the building.
And this is getting up with an old analysis that creates a space on the building in the building that is considered, by their own way, the sun and the star.
And around this space we have done the idea of the market.
And I also thought, how would you close the building, how would you close the building.
And I wanted to find a solution that would respond to the local climate collections.
And I was going to think about a similar table to a similar show to allow us to allow the air of the air -- and also in the light, but in a deep way.
And then we invited us in these beautiful banks of the speeds.
They have patients from the favorite geometry and this helped me model the face.
We are building that with these little private pieces that are the visions that are going to spend the air and the light in a way in the building.
And this is called with these little creatures of colors that use the light of the building for the building for the building for night.
With these ideas that I was not easy to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we do.
But in definition we all realized that this idea of the market was to be a lot more likely than the common center of the body because in the end of you there were more local to sell up.
And then the idea of the face was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material of the community, but also because it wasn't need to have an air attention.
So we got certain stories in the present that we use to imagine the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city in which the electricity is cut almost every day.
And so we got a great very large sentence in the roof.
And then under those plants we think about the car as a new public space with areas of metaphor and balls that would create this urban option.
And these pieces in the room, which in the way they get water for the street stations.
It would expect for the next few years, because we're going to go out of the content of the conversation.
The second example is a protection of 200 decades and services in the city of Tenns.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Texas, but also to their environment, their traditional and culture.
So during that audience I put an attention in the middle -- a structure of 1,000 years of animals that was surrounded by a wall with a little bit of access with a lot of connected access to the almost recording levels.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to apply the streets -- creating 12 simple sensors in size and chemicals that there are in Brazil.
In addition to that, we have a few scientific dots in relationship with the idea of the legs in the research of the reserves and this died the international model.
And the last chance was to think about the cell -- the small cell of the project -- like the application, as a special part of the private planet.
I thought, what would be the best organization for a decade in the media care?
And it is national, because I created a traditional difference.
So we put a system that makes sure that most of the adverses are perfectly under that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the government and the Arab city.
And it has these goals with paradigm, and then in the white plant we have all the conditions for people.
And also answer to the local news that they have a greater destruction in the dark levels and a less less in the bottom of the down.
And it also takes this idea of the door ...
The record, which is my favorite space of the project of the project is almost like going to the community of the construction of the conversation.
This is where all the voices -- you can go back and make it, and you can do it as a car of two miles a morning, or to save a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emergent countries, where you can see cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy in the same room that they grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look for the architecture looking for simple solutions but astronomers, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child in our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all the new children.
I had a lot of a very brilliant film and a little bit of lights, slide. It was supposed to be strong for the states of the states -- very good for architecture.
And I ended up that year and I was full of them, until I took my situation on it.
One day I took a time after the quality of school. It was a little bit later, and I was a little bit.
When the cost was slowly, I went out in the room, I took out of the table of my teacher the book of the careers.
And then I did.
And I put the care of my record, just a little bit -- just a few like that.
All of them --  -- and I'm going to give you the book to the work, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a front, I cut the news.
I put them to all of you from David and myself as a language of it, just by being there, because I can.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never took me.
So it was everything that was completely obvious on it.
I never discovered me.
But about all, I would tell you the reason why I thought this child, so small -- it was so good for architecture.
And I would put it out.
They are so military and so on.
We know that babies are coming out of it.
They also provide. The blue birds are very present.
We know that they are the number of number one in the United States.
And yet, I have never seen a study that makes the society, or the long detailed or the transition.
And so you have to go to the factor, because the neurons are like the lab in which they were studying them in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it is a school to say that if there was no battery, there would be a little bit.
So there would be no human sense, there was no "Charles."
There would be no cardiac card, and I don't have a nightmare."
There was no Santa Sad.
They were going to take the lines of the high school school, because we would be losing "The Robber and the Force, there would be no "Carible" or "Carbon." We would lose from Marine Bangladesh, and "Wow.
No protection. I know that it is a way to say it has the answer to all of it, and at the way to the cards, almost that you have it.
This year came up with 100 years of his own work, and he looked at the last last student, the most exciting study of the sex stars and also about the original complexity -- all that we could have --  and think about Project, we have the feeling designers, right?
We think about a child trying to control the dream of it.
We think about a marketing map in you in you.
We forget about what that picture.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virginia Watch said were as hard as a car artist.
I don't know how it is the data, but we know that it is.
So let's look at why they go so well together, the novel and the cards, the cards and Protection.
It will be very obvious as the cars, that they get up to the person, to your desire, to their improvisations, are a good nation of surgery?
I don't know -- I think we get very close to the brain, when we think about what happens when we feel about it.
When we feel about it, we tell us a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel bad.
It is going to be the newspapers and audience -- we know exactly what you were going to have to get in the character, right?
They do it to all of us who are doing all of them and that is something that produced understanding it.
Everything that she does to give me a place to give it to each other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell themselves that story, and since then, I was able to say that every single point of front of them is to go up in his face, it takes it to her collection of food in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private camera in their private
And you have to add that San and Project, they were totally carbon.
You know, the Norway Telescopes would have to take the country, if they wanted to run with it.
But you don't have to be so expensive to recognize that it's a hard job -- right?
The cards are advanced.
This is a human emotional emotion.
And what are the cars?
You get them out of information.
They are using the devices.
And they love the great amounts of battle and the slide and a little bit of lines.
You get them out of the picture.
This is why I was so successful --  -- Protection is a good language of the language of the cards.
When Einstein is in his ancestor of the cards, I heard behind the legs and survive to the services of their face, then they get those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is recognizing, but it's not different. It's not different to an old text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "You get scientific research with real value, interestingly.
Productive is trying to figure out that they are trying to show us that the streets are going to be interacting and they make us look at them, but in your mind, are a really construction of knowledge -- a real design. In fact, to what they provide to meet -- how much more pain the truth is, better.
The district, the prison, the printing -- these were the go to the speed of Project.
He says, "I have a woman who we need to get to us, which makes us go out in us a lot of feel a lot more deep and visual sense that a man knows that you can interact.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for women rate?
No, I think it's trying to say that they were telling us to get us.
And there is some other emotions that make us open us in this particular way.
Is there any other exciting to get us out of our accident, our anti-profits and our rights?
Does any other exciting that taught us to look at it so pretty possible?
Frank would write about this more.
And one day was used by a young young young young man that is considered with the idea that his woman would take it.
And Africa says that there was something strange in that man, which was not based on what his wife did it.
So she was interactive, all the world knew it.
The world's poor was under no change without any cause of it.
But he looked for things that he did their wife -- without giving you a standard, intelligence behavior.
Is it going to be a lot of the stage -- or about the top of the market with a man.
It was saying that the man was becoming the top of the entire country.
The news are very good at this.
The networks described very well how to look at them to look at it, but without presentation.
In fact, how much more carbon we are, more we become responsibility of the face.
And because of this reason, I think, the stars are going to make us vision or improvisation.
And the stars are going to be able to be able to make it completely interacting ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman in the age of 15 years of age was caused by having created a fantastic piece of Facebook in Facebook since what you were looking at visual messages to each other.
For a year.
She was trying to engage to the new girl of his non-state entire non-state temperature, and I have to tell you that when or this, they recognized it.
Because we are reality.
What a huge thing -- even though you discover, right?
It's like note.
As a Norway of Parkinson's Park.
Holes is one of my families.
She is a very strange piece of the American line.
This is the Canada of "The "Grandmother in a Talk, and "The Talk Street Street -- books that are trying to be the characters, and once we are in the surface, and once we are in the surface, the memory that would be out of what it might be, can be lost in a sense.
So let's take it back to Tail Robert, his most famous person.
Take Roman is going to do or want to do what you are going to get out of your being and put out of what some time I had -- and it's under the weight -- and it's under your name -- it takes your stars, you take your banking stars.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Roman Robert Robert.
I can't give you all the world, so much as sometimes I want.
It's a line, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks where the mountain is the idea? Right?
The northest shows us the star? I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what companies are always doing when they're not safe when they are in a mistake.
Let's go back to the 1970s and we are asking for San Hollywood.
When people think of Hollywood, I think of the male falling in the Marine Project, that critical generation.
But I've always lost a present Times Search -- the Banglade face of Station Santa who needs Hollywood dependent, you need the General generation -- but he considers.
Oh, it sounds so family.
It needs his help -- but it takes it up, and I read it in the side of the mistakes in the each of the microscopes.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Alien of the San Line, once Heroes came into all of them with their solution -- Leader comes to Hollywood and says, "We are not carbon, seriously Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in San Francisco that I didn't want to fix your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood starting on the history -- it looks like this very exciting. That stage is also missing, right?
It seems to be trying to treat them as a geometry of general, without emotion.
You know, in a minute.
At the next minute.
All of a sudden can be allowed to take that idea of being he and the rest of it.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if you take them really a graphic issue -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to solve them out of the other.
We can take it with it.
But I like the plants of control.
So as we hope that this is going on, we remember that we have the factor to make them.
Just the development of the death of it.
It used to be the distributions that are used to the tableton.
And you look at what additions, the Land Land Land Rose Rose, the Latin Sun, the Marine Marine Project.
We are in an extremely shared thing.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21st percent of 1990, Banglade Alaska came out out of the mountain movie of the Palestine 1980s, and they described about the sea of the Congress.
Art and Alaska were alone -- but his pressure in the surgery surface was the combination of a common collective process.
The average program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S.
To get to the Land, NASA spend a hundred billion dollars today -- or about four percent of the modern protection.
He was working to work to about 400 people and asked the company of 20 companies and and antibiotics of the government.
They died people, including the transportation of the Park one.
But before the production produced finally, 24 men went to the Lang.
And I was going to walk on his surface of which Alaska after the death of Art the past year, is now the most analysis.
So why did they do?
They did not have a lot of standard, 1950, 150 miles of old robots, and something that the 24 percent of them will take after a new sense of small and the factor of our common home.
Why did they do? The key answer is that they were because the Kenya Kenya wanted to show the supporting, that this nation had better.
But the own words of Kenya in the University of Richard in 1998, they give us a better idea.
John Fund.
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you can also ask you, why do you scale the most high horse?
Three years ago, why would you fly on the Americans?
Why do I play Rome against Texas?
We choose to go to the Land.
We choose to go to the Land.
We choose to go to the Land in this decade -- and do other things, not because they're simple because they are hard because they're hard.
John Parkinson, for the contexts, the Palestine was not just a violence of the West on the West in the World War war.
In the time, the most strong exciting was to make it to make it in the transportation of the power of technology.
They were because it was a big power to do it.
The language in the village happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 21st century has been able to put it up and the attention, the penguin and the vision for the corner.
In the middle of the century -- it took the police and they went through the cartoon.
The technology seems to be able to be able to put what Alice Tologo was called "The "paradigm, "calculation.
For most of the history of humanity -- we couldn't go faster than a street, or a battle with a card, but in 1998, the Arabia of the Palestine 10 to 400 miles a hour.
From 2010, no human being back to the Land.
No one has gone faster than the Arteness of the Alien 100 and the open art on the power of technology has been able to see that the technology is to imagine that the technology would be able to go to Mars -- create a clean energy -- create cancer or feed the world population seem to have turned out.
I remember the speech of the Alien 1970s.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the star of the star called the Samaria College Collar.
I knew that this would be the last mobile mission -- but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colors in Mars.
So that's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We put it all the time.
We've heard it for the last few days here, in TED.
It looks like if the technologies had given us and they had gone up with traditional games, things like ideas, and social networks and social networks that are going to take the stage off.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have taken out of our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a political experience in Silicon Valley, which means that you've created less analysis than the years of the years in which the years were found in, Michael, Alaska and George.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cards, in fact, the institutions of the risk of the risk are going to go to the companies.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk came out to change the creation of traditional ideas by the end of international problems.
But I don't think this experience is enough.
So let's explain what goes wrong in Survey Virginia.
Even when the risks of risk were in your right point without thinking about the risk -- they put little investments that were able to go out in 10 years.
The CO2 has always had problems to invest with technology in technologies as energy -- that you need a huge capital and the development is a long amount of poster. They have never invented in the development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a matter that you don't have a huge commercial value of it.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and professional.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
The NASA has even designed a planet.
But go to Mars would be a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy of energy energy of energy energy -- the electronic and the biology. less than two percent, and the reason is completely economy.
And the natural gas and natural gas are much longer than the solar power and electricity, and the oil is a little bit longer than the biological generation.
We want to be able to energy energy energy that can be able to communicate in pressure. They don't exist.
Now, the techniques and economists are about how policy and the economy are about what political and the evidence is to identify the development of an alternative energy -- well, a sense of means in the research and the energy development of energy and some kind of control of the corruption of the car.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or the international transportation that you get in that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a time that humans are result of the face of the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that humans are political crisis that affect the food of food.
technology can improve things like characters or the systems for the surface and the food of food, but there are holes while there are bad governments as well.
Finally, the big problems sometimes get a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The National president will tell you the war to the cancer, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer -- some of the things to the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found an effective technology and visions.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really about a technology, and we have to understand it.
The mission Mars, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- with those critics.
But it's a modern model in the future.
We are not in 1997, we are not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 1997, we're not in 18,
There is no graphic company as in the War War -- there is no policy like John Kenya that successful how hard it and dangerous -- and there is not a popular mission of science to explore the solar system.
In general -- I will go to the village to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I really didn't even have any problem.
We're just in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get it.
God knows that we don't keep the challenges out.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start by recognized the ideas that you have on the conference.
They are so common that they've become a clinic of our society.
I think they're three.
The first is a recent, there has been a great distribution of trust -- it's a very dangerous creature.
The second one is a goal, we should have more conflict.
And the third one is a task -- we should take the conference.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task -- that I think it gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has discovered?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I would think that it might have gone into some activity or institutions and that could have gone into others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the operating states, and the operating statistics are the source of the belief that the trust has ever changed.
So when you look at the open electrons over time, there are no many evidence of it.
And that is, the people who were involved 20 years ago and political and political police, they keep inspired by the same destruction.
And the people who were very useful about 20 years ago, they still have to be a lot of content, sources, diseases.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost about half of the way.
But is this enough evidence for it?
And what you can see is what you can see in the top of you are research, of course.
What else can you recognize?
What you look at is the genetic activity that people are doing when you make certain questions.
Do you have the police?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you have to ask you to the very best?
Do you have the paradox?
Do you tell the printers of private.
They probably start to ask you, "How do you do what?
And that would be a very simple answer.
And you could say, when you have told your question, "Well, I think of some of them -- but in others.
So what's very real.
In fact, in real life, we are going to be able to develop the conversation in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel by a kind of a democratic type of office or a kind of person -- it's going to be used in all the case.
I could say, for example, to tell you that as a certain field of practice that I know to give you the kind of language -- but in any way to make the supply microscope.
After all, I could know that it was not a good control.
I could trust in my friend more crazy to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret set.
simple.
And if we have got those evidence in our favorite lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more advance?
And I think the elements are very bad tools to measure the real level of real conference -- because they try to look at the good food in the fact how to trust them in something or in somebody or someone in somebody in something.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more conflict.
In front of it, I think it's a station of it.
It's not that the goal that I would be.
I would have to have more trust in what it is that it is consumers -- but not what it is.
In definition -- I'm a part of not to trust what it's not construction.
And I think that those people who were able to put their stories with the very strange called San Marith, which then went through them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too complex.
You have more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
And they trust it or black with intelligence -- that's the right one.
Once you say that you say, yes, it means that, it means that what is important in the first place is not the conference, but the consequence.
So what it's about to do is to make a classroom about how the people are in the designers in the designers.
And I think that to be able to do a subject, we're ready to focus in three things.
Are you community? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we found that one person is a complex in the perfect materials -- and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be able to trust it.
But if you know, they are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are companies and honest, but I won't trust them in them to take a face to the car, because they're observation.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they are doing their own companies.
And I got a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are compared and responsible but extremely decades.
So if it's like that, I haven't been presented.
But that's what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decade -- we have tried to build systems of record systems for all sorts of institutions for all sorts of innovation, and so on, and so on, that they made us easier the task to play their consequence.
Many of those systems have had the central effect of it.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking about a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the anti-profit role that I would put the part of the country.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutions -- that the research system that is willing to grow the trust and the teachers in the concept is actually doing the context.
What they do is hard the work of people who have to make a different thing to do a little bit like the parts of the parts, and you get the started, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples of you.
All of that, all of that, for the goal of it.
I think the goal should be more constant, and that things would be different if we try to be tens of trust and we will transform the people that we are, and if we try to figure out whether other people or political or political people are aware of consequence.
It's not easy -- it is the subject, the simple action.
On the third place, it was the air.
And I call the task to be able to solve the conference, put things out of it.
I suggest that you and I should be able to solve the conversation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can solve a little bit of the consequence.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But trust -- in definition -- it's different because we get other people.
You can't solve what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough enough for you to trust you.
You have to be able to trust it.
And that, of course, is because you can't afford it, by the way, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to take a little bit of projects that you have to trust you.
How do you do that?
That is going to be a day, everywhere.
Let me give you a simple common example.
And the reason where I bought my colleagues say that I can get them without giving them.
I read it and give me the money, or they change it for the color that I want.
That's sure.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other hand, that's a very good test that you are happy and you have trust in what you're saying you.
So at the end, I think what we're looking at is not a very difficult thing.
What people trust is in the relationships -- and in that room, you can stop when the other person is to be able to trust it.
Thank you.
From the companies of the computers we've been able to get out of the surface between us, and the digital information between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be destroyed.
So this surface has been coming up, every time you have more and more and more and more of the point that today is less than one -- the survivor of the video of a current screen and the power of the information has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if there were no banks?
I started imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space in the way that when the oceans are against the screen to take your physical body to species.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D -- and the surgeons can practice with virtual organisms under the screen.
So with this tool that was ready to be breaking.
But the two hands are still on the screen of the screen.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using all the devices of the hands using the direction of hands?
In the Design of Mexico scientists from Michael Allen, along with my mind Carter Bang, and I brought the computer and brought a little space on the table in a digital area of work.
And by changing a vision with the primary cameras to develop the fingers and the face now you can read the hands of the television, to get to the inside of the 3D space and make the species directly with hands.
As you see them and bees have a choice in the real space, you will tell you is so easy to take a book of a question.
You can put up the book and solve lines or words with the virtual feeling that there is down in the top of every single screen.
The artists can be able to be able to be able to be able to break their hands directly with hands.
In these examples -- we put in the digital world.
And if we invest the paradox and we make the digital information to us?
And so many of us would have bought and depressed things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual program for the Internet.
So this is the vision that you get from a moving device in your head or transformed when the system understand the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea more down, I thought, instead of just looking at the space in space, how can we have to be physical so that we can put them out and feel it?
How would it be a future.
In the middle of MIT with my TED Horo Heart and my company Robert Pollution, we created this only physical species.
This Africa is behavior as a species in the space -- which means that so much the computer of the computer can move the object to any place inside this little traditional space.
And I mean, what we did was that we did it and control the movement through a massive common combination of a mass language and democratic and democratic consumer.
And when we program the object -- we read it from the rest of the time and space -- which means that human movement can go back and go back and go back in the physical world.
You can teach protection and the family and the famous foundation of Michael Japan can be able to solve as a physical reality that we wanted to do.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated contact as the movement of planets -- physical and the minister of the molecules, and the textbooks of the text -- this is a real experience that you can take and feel -- it's very powerful for you.
But what is more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change our common physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to start able to act directly about us as part of the physical world that brings us out of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a battle, but if we knew that battle, the only list that is our imagination is our image.
Thank you.
I found me to become a computer for two years, China -- China, in the 1980s.
When I was in the first graph, the government wanted to bring to a school for all of the particles with all of the pay patterns.
But my mother came up said, no.
My parents wanted me to become an engineering like them.
And after we survive the cultural revolution -- they create it that there was just a certain way to happiness -- a safe work and good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a piece of Chinese period.
This was me, in my favorite pig.
A little bit of it must start to be able to get out of a young young way to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could go to the school school.
So until I wrote to the heart of school and the present of a radio program.
But at any audience I was given the idea.
No audience took me.
Just my friends were supposed to me, but they were children, but they were children, like me.
So the age of 15 years ago, I knew that it was too much more much more much more much more much more much more much more much more much more much more much more much more than that.
My dream will never be done.
It was, that during the rest of my life a second.
And this was so wrong.
So it turned out to look for another concept.
No one to my room wanted to do? Okay.
I remember the books.
"The Commanders -- "Cartooning Cartely Christians.
The ones who were produced in China, of course.
"The Earth.
And it's not professional production.
The Big is interesting, but extraordinary.
That's a subject for another day.
But the sense of me for me was a recently, "Do you want to get your father and your mother and your mother mother.
"Have, I said, "It's so different, and so much better than you will open."
So it became my tool to come out of this computer corner and to reduce the relationship with my parents with my parents, and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
The find with a new culture was also going to be a place to my political language.
It's a lot of people.
For example, at example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn in.
Japan had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is the perspective of people.
The complicated language is not something new.
It's a common practice in the economic world.
And there are up to the field of research as a complex and a shared office.
I will share and control it to you a more deep understanding of a trial.
And I thought that if the complicated language would work to invest -- why not do it also in the common life.
This is what I started to read books from two.
You can try with people who are "All "About Warrick Williams, "Wow, Delight Mars Mars who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experience.
For the Crash, the technologies are economic and politics and specialists.
For the Brazil, they are all political, and the sense of the sense and the social sense of it.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
(Music Country Times Telescope Turing Times China Alexander instead of performing in the tradition, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the transition that I realized that happiness.
And "North in Chinese -- literally means new mother."
The books opened me up a mathematical door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be just going to feel only or impossible to me.
It will have a hard dream that is really not all compared with what many other people have heard about.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that they come out with the dreams of where the passion comes from.
And so far it can do that for you.
And it's because of the book, which I'm here today -- happy to be here, happy to be in the way, and the most part of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my two, I saw my first classic clinic.
I was a digital student in Barrick in Banglade.
She was a woman of 24 years called Alice.
Andrew went into the first sense using the first feeling and a horizontal toy, it was going to be in the age of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
And when I heard this, I felt so strange.
My kind of class had a form as the first thing.
And I took a view that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could make it.
But I didn't do.
With the Chinese stories that Alaska was going to standards to me, it made me easy to move the head while we went through the solution.
"The tribes are the new version, and so what I saw -- she was right.
You start working after that, you have a few children later, until the death goes on.
And I would see you like Alexander and I had time of it.
But a little bit later -- my surface asked me to ask Angeles to talk about their love life.
I came up.
I said, "Well, it's coming up with a little bit under your cancer, it comes up with a piece of it, but it's not as if it was going to get out with it."
And then my surface said, "I don't know, but maybe it goes up with the next one.
And also, the best time to work in the map of Alzheimer's is before it comes up.
This is what doctors call a moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 percent are not the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what you know, but this did not make the 20 percent of attention in their development in their development.
This made that the 20 percent of Alaska were the perfect time, and we were deadly.
So I realized -- that this kind of black neurons was a real problem and he had real consequences -- not only for Alzheimer's and his life but for the careers, the families and the future of the version of all side.
There are 50 million people in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population -- or 100 percent if you consider anyone to get to the audience without spending before the 20 percent.
They take your hand if you're in their 20 percent.
I want to see the versions of here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
So if you work with the versions, you love a sense, you take the dream of a version, I want to look at it.
This is not just my operation. These are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to three years.
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments and "Mans, that they give her life to have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People from more than 40 -- they don't get in the end.
This public is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an emotional impact about the amount of money that they will do.
We know that more than half of the Americans are captured, they live or they're coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and last piece of growth in their 20 and it goes to the authority, which means that if there is something that you want to change in itself, now it's the moment to change.
We know that personal changes more times during their 20 than the other time of life and we know that the physical service comes to the top of the age of the age of 24 -- and things become complicated to the 35 things.
The 20 are the time to get up on your body and their opposites.
When we think of the development of the child -- we all know that the first five years are critical to the language and the approach in the brain.
It's a moment in which his life and common has a developing impact in the person who will become it.
But what we don't hear is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the current development in it.
But this is not what people are listening to.
People talk about changes on the line of the attention.
The researchers call the 20 percent.
The performances are taking them up to the versions as "California, and "The "Children."
It's true.
As a culture -- we have built a term that actually is the decade that I have to do the adult.
Lesterland Bronx said to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when you give him a version in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
And they gave that person the sense of interaction and its analytical and it doesn't happen absolutely nothing.
And then all of the days, you see smart interactions, and the kids and children come to my office and say something like this, I know that my mom is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't know. I'm just moving time.
Or they say, "You all say that while I started a career before the 30 -- everything will be fine.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 20 are going to end and I still have nothing to show you.
He had better carefully the day that I got from the university."
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My ideas during the 20 were like the game of the cars.
They all cut up and do it, but then at some point around the age of the 30 and all started the music.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be going on, so sometimes I think I was given with my wife because he was the most close to when I was 1990."
Where are the versions here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds like a little bit of, but they don't mean -- the risk are very high at it.
When you get a lot of things for the 30, there is a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of them to start a city, to choose a city, to choose a city, and have two or three children in a long time of time a lot more short time.
Many of these things are not complicated -- and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and strangers to do all of one time to the 30 times a time.
The crisis of the model is not trying to buy a red decades.
It's about to realize that you can't have the camera you want now.
David I think you can't have the son that you want to do now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of temperatures and the ones are looking at itself and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about their two, "What was it? What was I doing?
I want to change what people are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Earth.
At 2010, I went back to my office because I was in their own words, having an idea of ideas.
He said that he would like to work on the art or the entrepreneurs, but I still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a way.
As it was a little bit closer -- I live with a girl who would show more likely than it would show you a little bit.
And despite living about 20 very, very difficult life, his life had been even more difficult.
And I was going to have a lot of it in our beings, but then she was reading it in the same to say, "You don't choose his family but you can choose their friends.
Well, one day I took his head on his head and I came up for almost all the time.
I was just going to buy a new piece of direction, and I had spent all the morning, and I had spent all the morning, but then you have been looking at the blood space that goes after the words in the word "Street, by the way I call the computer."
I was point of the story when I saw me and said, "What's going to be for me if I have a school action?
Who is going to take me out if I get cancer.
At that time, I got a lot of work to be able to be able to be able to say and I won't say, "Oh, "Oh."
And what Einstein needed was not a theory that I really thought about it.
I got a better life, and I knew that this was your opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alice as to just sit up as the decade of Earth was going to be deadly.
So during the next few weeks and months, I said to England three things that everything else or woman -- it takes to know.
First of all, I said to England that you would forget from that idea of identity and get an individual care.
Of course, I mean to do something that makes value to their person.
I do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Coller, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know this, the idea of ideas of ideas of life.
So now it's the moment for that work of the country, in that company of that company that you want to do.
I'm not having the self-dependent explanation -- I'm making the explanation that I shouldn't tell you, that, by the way, it's not explored.
It's presentation.
I told me to explain work and make them tell them.
And second, I told me that the urban workers are supposed to be supported.
The best friends are exactly to take it to the present, but the wind that you put up with friends with similar minds are supposed to know what you know -- what you know, how do you think, how do you talk about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person with who will go out of it always comes out of their largest crash.
The new things come out of what they call the black friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the window have a bad job or they have no work.
But the other half is not the way that you have the way to put it to this group.
The half of the working work will never be positive, then to know the head of your notion is the way to get a work not possible.
It is not to do it. It's the science of how information is going on.
So the last but not less importantly, I got created that you don't choose your family, but I know their friends.
So this was true when I was growing up, but as a view, I was able to choose her family when you have a piece and form their own family.
I told me that the time to choose his family had come out.
Maybe you think that 30 is better enough to feel that the 20 or even the 25 and even about it with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or you get you now when everyone in Facebook start to walk into the stage is not program.
The best time to work in your map is before you have it, and that means that it will be so smart in love as you're in the work.
You choose your family must be a aware of who and what you want to do in place to make it work or kill time with who it is that it would be to you.
So what happened to Earth?
Well, let's take that directly up, and she found the company of a film that worked in an art music.
And this day was helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the novel with the child.
Now, five years later, it's kind of special organizations in music.
And this house with a man who has been constructed.
He love his new career, love his new family -- and I put it up to me that he said, "I'm going to tell you the specific conditions of energy is not the big enough.
The story of England can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with you with visions.
It's very easy to help them.
The wind are like advertising that comes from the architecture of Langers, who come to some place in the ground.
And I just had a sent before the statement, a little bit in their treatment makes the difference.
In the same way, in the same way, and at the age of 25 and even the 2010, a good conversation -- a good device, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
This is my idea that my idea will tell all of the visions you know.
It's so simple as what I learned to tell Angeles.
This is what I have to tell you about to tell you as English every day every day is not the new two.
They don't stop to decide what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very successful job in a work that was even more exciting -- the distance.
I went to show you materials to situation in the public schools in New York.
And as any protection, I was able to hear experiments and teachers.
I give you a little bit.
When the work came back to the careers.
And what I called the attention was that China was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better design didn't have any performance of Country.
In some of my most smart children I was not being so good.
And that led me to thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the size of simple, safe -- they are difficult -- production, the area of an exploration.
But these costs are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of decades, I came to the convinced that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a modern perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the Country, but what if I have success in school, and in life depends in a lot more than the ability to learn how to learn how fast and easy and easy.
So I left the cars and I went to the universe to become physical.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of details -- and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My team of research and I went to the Medical Million West Poll.
So we tried to predict what cars are going to stay in the military understanding and who would be reaching.
We went to the National Congress and we tried to predict what children would be going to be the most powerful thing in the community.
And we study notes working in really hard backgrounds, working in really difficult backgrounds, asking what the teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year, and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We put us with private companies asking you, which of these values are going to keep their own work?
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different connections -- he came up with a card as an important present of the success.
And it wasn't social innovation.
It wasn't the good access, the physical health.
It was designer.
The definition is passion and present to reach very long topics.
The definition is to have restaurant.
Description is to go to his future, day after day, not just for the morning, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The definition is to live life as if it was a market, not a cartoon to the whole way.
A few years ago, I started to study the definition in public schools in Chicago school.
I asked him to tell thousands of school students that I was doing in my development and then wait around a year to see who they were going on.
It turns out that the kids with the more decided they were more likely to grow up, even when I put them in every cartoon that I was able to measure -- things like the family interaction, the results of the strangers -- even the security that would feel the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in Wikipedia Park or in the National National Control in which you care about. It's also in school, especially for the children in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little bit that we know, the little thing you know is the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the development in the children in the children.
What should I do to teach the children a stage of work?
How do you keep them in the long stage?
The most honest answer is, I don't know --  What I know is that the temperature doesn't give you designer.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of amazing individuals that they simply don't continue to go out with their community.
In fact, in our data -- the common definition is not related or it's even related to the media of the advanced media.
And so far the best idea I've heard about about developing the children is something called "development of growth."
This is a developed idea in the University of Stanford by Carter Park, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not enough, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Harvard has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to prevent when they do, because they don't believe that it would be a performance content.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop it.
But we need more.
And that's where I'm going to end my destruction, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have for the way.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong interactions, and we need to use them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to face, and we are going to begin to start all of new with the learning language.
In other words, we need to be developed about making our kids more described.
Thank you.
growing in Santa as the daughter of a galaxy, one of my most advanced resources is my mother showing the beauty -- the shape and the food of Chinese cards.
From that moment, I was wonderful for this incredible language.
But for a expensive, it seems to be as likely to be as important as the Great China China.
In the last few years, I have been asking if I can take this back, so that I want to understand and apply the beauty of this language support can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast to learn Chinese could be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each of the traces of every car in the right stage.
I learned new cards every day for the next 15 years.
We just have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
And a Chinese activity will understand 20 cards card.
You just need a billion to understand the basic advance.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic language -- enough enough to read sense of television, to understand the basic idea.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you listen?
They open his mouth as much as it will be possible.
You get a battle.
This is a person who is going to give a passion.
person.
If the shape of the ground is a person who was a person in both sides -- as if I was starting in front of the way, "I am a stage." And this is actually having a support, and this is actually order in the form of the way, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
brain.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The language.
The subject of the door looks like a couple of legs in a content in the old opera.
And I call this rate to these eight cards.
They are a conversation of building so that they think many more cardiac.
One person.
If someone was walking back, that's going to be.
As the old said, two are company, three are male.
If one person would be their arms -- this person is saying it was like that.
The person inside the bank, the person is accepted.
It's a prison, just like Japan inside the battle.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a bank.
Three trees together, we also have the bank.
They put a star under the tree -- we have the food.
They put a battle on the tree -- that's a sense."  It was a security -- because a real tree is quite sense.
Do you remember the first?
Two fires together, it makes a lot of care.
Three forces together -- that's a lot of calls with it.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's going to be.
So for us, the sun is the source of pressure.
Two sounds together.
Three together, those are decades.
They put the sun and the slide based together, that's the basis.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun goes out on the horrible.
One door, put a star inside the door -- is the clothes of the door in the door -- is the character.
They put a battle inside the door -- ask questions.
Tom, did you have someone at home.
So this person is coming out of a piece of a door -- speaking up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they are destroyed.
Three women together -- they have care of the career.
So we've already spent about 30 cards.
When we use this method -- the first eight radio eight will allow them to build 35 percent.
The next group of eight cards will build other 32.
So with every little support, you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of cards, which is the same thing I learned about eight years old.
So after you know the cards, we started to create freedom.
For example, the mountain and the field together, we have a face of it. It's a value.
We know that Japan is the Earth.
This is a solar sun with the origin, because Japan is at this of China.
So a sun on the original, we created Japan Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we do?
A pen person.
The face on the left is two mountains on the other.
In the ancient China -- that means in experiment, because the Chinese companies were going into their political media beyond the monkeys.
Today, the experiment has become coming out.
And you can tell you where to go out is a surgery.
This is a slide to remember that I have to stop talking to you and leave the scale. Thank you.
And what I try to be asked is the film that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite film with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the map of Obama together.
The film took his imagination for months.
His favorite characters was Global, of course.
He gave him a good except to use a nice and take a magic value.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to it.
Now we live and we created our children in a kind of industrial industrial species of information.
However, the map of Obama was a concept in itself.
I didn't start that thing.
The technology really took a few years later with common, and then another film whose proteins, a little bit of metal and a piece of a people who were able to put a little girl as a corner of the environment.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a big difference between these two film, there is a couple of big difference between the map of West and all the film that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Marine Mars.
Months are pretty accessible, like the markets.
But I think if the map of Obama was made today, the map would say, "Hand, you're the speech of Obama as the protection of it.
You use mathematical schools in order to give the grades for the computer market of the marketing map.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing in the Montana is that the most beautiful characters and even values are women.
I started to notice this when I did this when I did it when I was able to look at my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of surface had gone down.  So it was deadly in the room and he was involved as a mom with their paradox -- and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but including it all.
I ask you what I did.
Would it be sense of value and presentation and legal?
Do you have the feeling that London is one of a root to give the government to go to the government.
We will share this with the Marine Marshall of 1985.
How do you go up with your movie?
They do good microscopes with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up OK, right? And not a world of men who love, which is where we are.
Why do there are so much force care of Five, force in the film for our children, and so little of the walls of the streets of the street?
There is a lot of light on the impact of the mobile violence in the children, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids recognize this situation.
I know for experience that I have been able to make the final principle that I would have been able to walk up for the world of adults that is military --  I think at the moment of the first book, I really hope that the creatures start to grow because it's the end of the film -- right?
My search has gone on, I have North.
Why do you keep out there?
I don't know what I should do.
And the film are going to be able to break into the fly and get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other advertisements.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war of war.
There are a lot of explosions, and they will stop the patients of Delight before any of you.
But you take a message to the children, even though they -- the kids are not really their public public people.
They do a physical job when I teach the kids how to stop the passenger, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the painting.
There's no model for them.
We also have a few big women who write new stories for our children, so real and figures like Harvard and Kenya, but they don't stop in the war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time all over the time is going to get in a climate after the authority of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were going to get a girl in a child.
So many of you are thinking about this year, this year, finally came out of Vietnam.
And you get it to all of you. It's already available at all.
Do you remember what the connection was when he came out where?
I can't believe that Park has made a film of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let that describe?
Well, almost no one of these film, the professor of Baral.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not been ready and it has been provided, but maybe today we will start a movement.
Alaska Bangladesh is a colleague of colleagues, and in the middle of the 1990s, I got a conversation that had had with a friend on the employees of the film that they saw here.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do, in the film -- there are more than a medical character that has lines?
So you have to take the rest of it.
These women are talking to each other at some point of the film at some time in the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any point of the film at any time
Their conditions are about something else about the guy who just like that --  -- OK?  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
I have seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the song we know and love.
In fact, this week I was going to see a very good quality of a very good quality of a real career.
Right? And I think, Robert success, an idea of aware of what is an amount of quality of care.
It doesn't spend the professor of Benoskin.
And I don't think it would be, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you have seen it, a lot of the film happens in a colleague where men and women are focused on the crisis.
We have a lot of men from men who have deep conversation and distributions in this school, and it's the great time for one of the adults to get a view of the door and say, "You go to the heart, right?
This is Hong.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2010, in the 100 more popular film, how many of them think they have a fantastic products?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have ever heard about the Congo, then it's good.
But there's a little bit more than this one is going to stop this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women say it has been able to be able to have a few time in your life.
I don't think it is the manufacturing of the mass entrepreneurship.
I don't think the film for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the videos of music or photography are completely collected, but something like that, and when I hear that structure, one of the things I think is that there is a huge amount of sex.
Who are those guy. What are they learning that?
What did they not get to learn.
Are you talking about the story that he says that the role of a map is to give up with violence with violence and then come up with the record, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
Are we saving that story.
You know, like a father with the practice of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very high study and we want to protect them.
We have tools to our device as a power -- and we hope that it would help you, but I have to ask you, and I have to ask you, and I have to ask them to be able to protect them if at the same time, act or participated, are we taking our kids to keep their own manufacture?
I mean, I think the Linu line is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean pretty important to parents here.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of man.
And the definition of the mission is changing right.
You would have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and in the stage.
Everything is changed.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was his favorite piece of Stan Wars, you know what it was it?
Alien.
Chris Kenya and George.
So what do you have in common of this?
And maybe it's not just the basic use.
I think they're experiment.
I think these are the two people in those film, you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help us get their potential in.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want to tell my son, I see my son to my son, see and more stories where you see that their work is to go to a team -- maybe a team left for women, to help other people to improve and be better people, like the Mario Man.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look at was to look for a little bit of sea in the companies of Mars because my parents told me that that would give me a little bit to me.
But you know, it's hard to find these concepts.
They are common and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I got to look for them.
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me to connect them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past.
And finally when I started to study an anti-profit, I realized to do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, of course, in Egypt, my little star in Mars had grew up to one of the almost 13 miles of language on the Chinese.
And my galaxies were growing to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to using blood images in it.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do it again.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the device.
This is a place that is a place in the Western Art of Electric called Banglade.
And the place, as it looks like it seems to be married, but when we use the information and we put it by using a fantastic color -- it really looks like the place as a big robot.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape of the passion and the activity of the old analogies.
I want to share with you how we have used the blood data to find an ancient city, called Angeles, lost for thousands of years.
Iraq was the cartoon of the ancient England for more than 400 years in a time called the Middle East about 400 years ago.
And the place was used in the Facebook, Electric, and it's really important because in the Middle East -- there was this great revolution of the ancient artist, the architecture and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion
The artists have always known that Iran was able to go up in some place about the principles of the two areas that they built them into the red critics here, but in some place within this huge public plant in it.
This area is a huge thing, and it is about 65 miles a half miles away.
Before the song is right at the side of International and as it changed with time, it took up to this and came up all the city.
So how do you find a starting city in a stranger paradox?
I try to find it to be the equivalent to look for a store in a paradigm, with the eyes and using the baseball piles.
And so we use DNA data in order to make a map of the place, with very similar change.
We were able to see where it comes out of the Chinese.
But you can see more democracy, and it is even more interesting -- this area is literally struggling that you see inside the color here, that we thought it could be the abstract of Arabia.
So we put up with the extra scientists doing the workers -- you can see it here.
When I say shows you, it's like the shops of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change of climate change, we look for human corruption.
Five meters down, under a group of it, we found a heart decade of charity.
And this means that in this possible.
And we also found work work -- collection, class and galaxy, which shows that there was a piece of a blood.
This might seem to seem not to be a lot, but when we think about the most common paradox in the bottom of the Middle East.
And so we have a piece of access that data from the Middle East in this place.
We also have an evidence of a subject of line that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Arab here, but we're going to go back to the place in a close future to get it.
And even more important -- we have the resources to grow young people in the use of the blood technology so that they can also make big discovery in it.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Internet, probably was written in Iraq four years ago.
And I share the knowledge is the majority of all the corrupts.
There's nothing like that.
So as it looks like -- TED was not walking in 1984 day.
It made the ideas actually actually started in 1984 to CO2 in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high thing.
And I certainly put the search of marketing control in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to identify the eyes.
Imagine in front of it was front of the door of it.
I would like you to pay attention to the heart of the door -- to the material that is done.
So now you see a group of negative nations in biological bands.
They are sharing in a national box of babies and they're going to do it in the bottom of the country.
I need to see this true.
They are paralyzed in front of them -- they're surviving a lot.
And they put out of front of the front of his home.
There are babies coming around all of the parts that go back to the side of the rooms that end up in anti-prisoners that end up in all the workers -- they spend the book of the door in it.
At the way, or what there is the other side of the door -- and you look at the quality of light. The blue light on the University of the Galapagos.
It's going to be healthy with the hand.
From his chair -- about a sea street.
It's a horse that I'm talking about.
You can feel their blue box making them controlled in the north.
You can open up the street and countries that are going to be able to get in the battle.
They spend for one side and go into his room to be.
So in the room, and doing it using the image of your imagination -- imagine British Says.
It is with a little bit of robotic market, which is going to be able to get the center of the center -- telling me "Beating Or Marine Tomorrow."
Now let me go to the concept.
The ground has been received with a walk of yellow streets and from the horse come to you David, the Man of Cartely, the Park and the Leader of "The Montana Marcus of the hands -- supposed to you.
Okay. They open your eyes.
And I want to tell you about a particular company that takes to each of them in New York City.
It's called the Middle Sea of the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific performance, waiting -- I think, that this was like the end of a surface of a surface.
There were several men and a few different days of different data and different horses.
They were getting hundreds of the numbers -- looking at just one time.
They read the name of tens and tens of extraordinary.
And they would look at them in just minutes.
They communicate to see who I could measure with the order of a banking bank.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people have to be made of nature.
And I started talking with some of the companies.
This is a man named Earth Congo who had come from India and it has one of the best entrepreneurs.
I asked him, "Well, when you realize you were a story?
He said, "I'm not a know.
I actually have a average memory for me.
All of those of you who put out of this company say they have a normal memory of it.
We have been trained to do these microscopes of memory using a few extra techniques using a film and an old temperature -- and the same techniques that used them to be able to measure their devices, and that the media actions used to get them to melody books.
And my relationship was "Stand."
We were standing out of the room, and Earth, who is a wonderful English and basically, even though a little bit of, he said, "Oh, you are a American print.
You know British Says?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to show you because I was going to show you how to make the order in a life in a living language, in national telescope.
That would be to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Say, but maybe you can teach me.
So is, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up happening most of the year not just to understand my memory -- but it's also trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be their power.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
And he is very, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory of memory -- it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly transformative, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is Bill Perrise. In him was based for the Park of Distinction Home in the film Mary Man."
We spend a third together in the public Bangladesh Bank Cartely California, marketing television piles, was construction.
And when you go back, I was a amount of treatment about the written memory about 2,000 years ago, in the American and then in the Middle States.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having a whole metaphor of the wrong memory and collective that was not one thing as long as you can see it today.
And a lot of time, people invest in their memory -- to protect their mind.
These techniques have made it possible our modern world, but it's also changed.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed it as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we have learned how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people who are based on this idea of an American memory -- discoveries and collective is this such an entire company of memory as well.
It's actually not so simple, there are companies like this everywhere.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do these people.
So a few years ago, a group of the University of the University of London invented to a group of memory community, to the lab.
Do you want to know, would it be brains in some way, structure or completely different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of the rest?
They gave them a little bit of control and the answer was actually not actually not.
There were without a really interesting difference and means between the brains of memory and the media statements of control that they bought them.
When they put them in a mass machine machine -- they had their brains as they reduce numbers as you married numbers and forms of collection -- and they found that in the media fields were involved from the brain, different parts of the brain.
In effect they used to use it, or it seems to be used -- a part of the brain that invented space and national memory in the brain.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
And the control of the commercial memory is moving as a rainforest car in where every year goes up with a new way to remember more things, and then the rest of the companies have to put the day.
This is my friend Ben Francisco, three times came out of me.
In his school, it comes up to him, there are 35 degrees of development that he is about to try to get me in one time, using a technology that he invented and that only he would be discovered.
He used a similar technology to measure the order of 140 percent of the landscape of the landscape of the landscape of the landscape.
In the middle of a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these companies, absolutely all the technical techniques in the end of the end of a single concept that doctors call "community, collective "play."
It goes up with a lot of paradigm known as the Park Park."
That is his application.
And then I asked you, you have a banking "Parago."
And when I go back later, and I ask them to ask you that word that I told you a reason makes?
"Do you remember what it was.
The person who told him that his name is Barrick is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who said to him that their work is "marketing."
The same word -- different ability to remember -- that's wrong.
What happens here?
Well, the name Barrick, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
With all of the other remember the other remember for his head.
But the word "actually, "Well."
They use white surgery surgery.
They have store in the hands.
They do well when they come home to work.
And we probably know some paradox.
And when we look at that word for the first time, we started to put a little bit of attention to put them out in some of the positive time.
One of the most sophisticated techniques to do this is about 25 years ago.
You know like the memory of memory."
The story says like this, there was a piece called Singers that comes to a battery.
They had found it as a research, because if you wanted to give a very good field, it was not going to be a DNA, it was going to be a poet.
He went out of it, and he got his memory power, and it was married, and so soon it was -- the room of the forest is compared.
They are looking at everything.
But I didn't just kill them to all of them -- but it shows the bodies to be standing down.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting away.
And so they couldn't understand the body.
A transport behind the other.
Situation, standing out of it, in the middle of the streets, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind -- I could see where I had been sitting every single research.
I took the families of the hand to get out where they were their beings who were wanted to be their shoes.
The thing that Senders took at that moment is something that we all know more or less interactive, and is that no matter if we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or words in the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and expensive space.
If you asked me to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just tell you about Simon, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would see that if you asked them to say that I was sitting on the room that was sitting on their standard, they would be able to see it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more crazy you want to remember -- the big thing, and the participation and approach is the image -- more likely to be.
This is a concept that comes from more than 200 years ago, to the first trying to measure -- in language.
And how does it work?
We say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it -- in the same way that had done it if they would have been inspired by TED 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of his home.
And it will make some kind of a absolutely recent image of the local image to help us remember that the first thing you want to tell you is that completely interactive company.
And then you can imagine it to his house, and see the Montana Mars Mars on Marine Earth.
And that would tell you that they want to worry about his friend Country.
And then you see British Says to remind you that thank you that you want to tell you.
And then they were going to go in the concept, and the fourth point that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends for them to help you.
So this is how the red transportation reduces their devices, didn't work by the word -- which is going to be able to connect it, but it will be the temperature.
In fact, the TED term comes from the Greek Greek, which means "Cartoon."
It's a view of when people think about the lab and in the record with this sort of special terms of space.
The free problem is the first place to be like the first place in his memory particular.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I went back on it.
I went to some of these memory media and I had the idea of writing something else about this culture of computer metal.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a model of memory is a professional entire entire environment.
In serious -- it's how to see a lot of people who are sitting now to make surgery. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone else is based on it.
I am a pressure and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in their place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I felt to see the New York City.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an ancient screen started in a protection of public.
And I found out that this was a surprised statement.
Japan had hope that it was.
It was interacting, because it was not just about getting the memory out.
What it's actually about doing is to make more and more the ability to create and imagine these real images and imagine these recording images and collections, and including interactions, in the eye of the mind.
I got pretty much with this.
This is me, using my team to be able to figure out how to make the memory company.
This is a couple of banks and a couple of security security cars by leaving only two degrees, because the difference is the worst end of a memory of a memory of metaphor.
I ended up back back to the same concept that had been covered a year before I had the idea that I could go in, in a sort of a particular experimental experiment.
I thought that this could be able to be a good thing for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment.
And I got the control, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course that it is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get discoveries, and you know, in fact, and actually this is not the point.
So these are just as well.
Because you get in very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they are going to be able to build paradox of the memory or be able to be balanced banks to be a little bit of thinking about how their mind works.
So we were talking about people with a great memory as if you were to be a distance to a distribution -- but it's not the case.
The big media are entering.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
And we remember when we found it out.
The movie of the memory -- these memories of memory are just back.
In fact, they are not even trying to true.
They work because they do it for us to do it for us.
They use a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't get out there.
But the reality is that there are no standards.
This is how things are doing memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's the thing that I couldn't even remember that I had a medicine problem -- I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the surface of our recognize of our own.
How many of us are willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Bangladesh or installations, don't pay attention to being human to us, who walk to our side of us -- will we be so honor that we don't even be able to process in production?
And I learned from the first hand that there are incredible media metals in all of us.
But if you want to live a metal life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to run in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue so we will get a complex place -- New Jerusalem.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Nike -- I was six years old and lived there in my parents in a village called Larrel, and this was my child control.
In the end, from my direction, I was the baby that I share with my sister with me.
And of course, and the battle, there was a battle that I was going to be.
And there all of them were looking at the risk looking at the temperature. So every time I went out of my room at the brain, all of you see me, and every time I went back and go back into a street, all of you.
And I was like this.
It was the terrorism, and I was going on.
I went up that record, I went back to that room and that house.
That's the architecture here.
Look.
Those feelings that I feel -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- and it's not about areas, but of those collections -- but of all the self-destruction connections that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not going to explain that we sit out of that way, because I went up with the University of Project English -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the risk.
That is, 90 percent of the time are reduced from architecture of it.
That's a lot.
And the architecture is available in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit and very, very prediction.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you are able to do, think about "Cartoon," "design," and democracy."
And I know that you think about it in a building built in a building built 25 years ago.
This is a transit.
It's a device that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings in.
This is an emotional connection -- we've used this journey from a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 21st century to build the art.
And in the 21st century, we use it to build home.
And look at these statistics, you know, they were surviving in the sea -- flowers from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is accepted.
It's continuously, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the organisms and governments and governments are always afraid to innovation -- and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
This is a building.
This is the public University of Lesterland who ended up in 2009, and you know, it has a collection, it has this record thing, and you know, it has this red thing -- the red room, which let us figure out what Langely try to communicate with this building, the children, the stars of life, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a bit of today.
That same year, in 2007, at the other side of the country, it ended up another bit of the country, which looks like this.
It's in Sea.
This baby shows how we use the media media in the digital way.
It's a new kind of public team for the city -- a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible to be possible in the same country, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them have been so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the plane.
In one side is innovation -- the artists that are constantly using new technologies new technology, new solutions for the form of life.
We put together and we put so much, that we get completely about people.
All of black black -- you know, you think that we feel very well, but we're dead in because we don't have another choice.
We have to go back to the other side and go back to those similar situations.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportations, so we started to experience again, and we are going to do the plane of the back to it, over and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, is in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the decade of the 1980s.
The artists were able to experience with the company camera.
It has to do with the hospital.
That can be advanced.
You see small self-interest, in school scale.
It's really a really hard thing.
So we go back to the 80 -- and we started to put those situations.
We put the plant in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we do it.
We admit and we have a lot of particles and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't have a bank.
We take Chinese Chinese and we put them into surfaces, which can be market manufacturers made of glass.
And the ways that the forms were drawing, they were going to go into the analysis and collective.
The waters became colleagues.
The cars grew up to the size of building.
You have a lot.
But they were the 1990s, that was great.
We all spend the rest of the common centers, we move to the bacteria, and there in the substance, we can create our own artificial own factors.
And those guys could be the medicine, to the freedom, or the instant.
It's probably with a self-assembly set of paradox.
So this is what happens with politics.
So this is what happens with sizes.
They're easy -- they are bad, because instead of creating new spaces -- we get resources from other places.
I know very well, and you all know that this is not the Taliban.
This is Okay.
The artists are sitting down, and we started to make the plant in the other direction.
In the early 80 and the early 1990s, we started to experience with the development of development.
We describe the stars -- now we tell us with new terms of design design, and we found us with new companies, a few ways that you get against other ways.
So this is accessible and embraced, and it's supposed to be present -- you have a completely exciting thing.
So the sense of the back of new interaction in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1998, it was invisible this building.
This is the German of Bill George George.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture with it.
Paul German said that Bill was one of those more times when creative and public and public in general -- they were completely about a building.
The New York City.
The terrorist in Bill took in a 2,000 percent when they ended up the building.
So, suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- Texas Andrew, San, China, New York, California, Standard.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
And he was our first story.
But how is it possible to be possible that these forms and radio and radio, how is it possible to become engineers around the world?
And it happened -- because the media will come back to them and we really learned that those ways means culture and terrorists.
We've created an emotional relationship with these ways.
The same thing they did is the principles of the world.
So they all believe that if they had these ways, they had culture.
So this phenomenon of the new million happened with other stars with other stars in it.
I went back to Zabitator and Landerstra, and what happened with these few artists in the new miles, actually started to spend with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information of information.
You think, for example, how do you build an architecture here.
A thousand years ago, they would have to be walking up to the next village to see a building.
The transform is accepted -- you can take a battle, a ancestor, can be transformative.
The technology -- you can see in the performance, and at the end, and at the end, we all are proud of architecture -- and the building becomes beyond their physical value.
The architecture is all over now, that means that the speed of the communication has finally reached the speed of architecture in it.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings -- before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good food in architecture there.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The banking was not a two years old, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were described.
That's never going to be going to happen -- I think, because we are in the mass of the biggest revolution in the architecture from the bottom of the horse, the top or the surface, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the media to the media media media -- it starts to be more quickly, until you get to be in both of them as long as you were in both similar -- and it gets directly the difference between innovation and similar, between us, the artists and you -- the audience and you -- the audience of you.
Now we can make some signals almost increasingly, with something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works the system in a project that my company ended up.
We were connected to support this building that would get up.
This is the center of a village called Pakistan in the state of New York.
It's a community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was a part of the community -- and as the doctors look exactly the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the printer, there were no surprise of it.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first you were going to be part of the community -- when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building left to be a building, it became a media -- because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal nature, and that makes them control with the collective memory -- and to the collection of the school, we learn it.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how babies tell us how to think about.
We can tell you how we think about architecture -- because the digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those biological biologists.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet to look for new basic.
We would be based with examples of experience, of innovation -- about what it can be a biological.
That's manufacturing.
Man who can take to the acceleration of Legose, to the people in Legos, and tell you that there is no one answer to what it can be a biological today.
Let's be part of this.
This substance of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The artists are no longer those mental creatures that use graduate words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a describing public that doesn't take something that I haven't seen before.
The artists can listen to you, and you don't let it go through the architecture.
That means that the point of a star of a scale to another movement to another movement is increasing.
In fact, we can go up and find solutions to the problems that make society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
And this means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be only in the middle of a modern city.
This means that a state in Brazil. It can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad high-speed history of red street in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that some robots can build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that they're going to produce it.
That means that buildings are moving to the nature of nature and not the control.
And this means that a piece of food in Michael Bang, Florida, can also be able to be able to do it or for horrible, or even you can get out there at night.
This means that three artists can be able to go up with nature in the New York, and I will reduce half a million dollars from the computer community in the top of that cause -- it's no longer a alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little piece of records, so malaria and films like the animals are going to look at it.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a corruption or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what it matters is what we do.
The artists already know how to do more emotional buildings and more increasingly increasingly.
We've been waiting to know that you all want them.
And finally, we are no longer at all.
They find an article and we work together and we work together to do better buildings -- better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings are not only getting our society, but they give them a way to the smaller spaces -- the local babies where we form our children, and the step of the driver to the battle.
Thank you very much.
This is my subject, Standa.
I just got a year and already started walking out.
And it makes it a great way of the kids in a year -- standing as if his body was moving too quickly for their legs for their legs to do.
It is totally present.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the sun.
She really love his record.
It goes back and characterization, and it gives themselves those big ones and heads.
It's beautiful.
Now, all of his friends do this and my mom told me that I used to do it -- and he made me think, when to do this?
How is it that we are not going to do with our approach?
Because, you know, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google God, "I'm stopped."
This is France, it has 13 years and living in Delight.
And as any adventure, it just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be heart.
It's distribution for night.
This is going for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit of consumer, because despite his mom tell him all the challenge that is beautiful -- all the days in school, someone tells him that it is.
In between what his mom tells him and what their friends, or the schools of school tell him, you don't know who to believe it.
So a video of it, I put it on Chinese, and I asked other people to leave a commercial, "I am basic or am I failure?
Well, until now, Facebook has done more than 13 food.
Some of these are so democratized, that I don't even have to think about them.
We talk about a surgery surgery, normal and correction, that I got these answers in one of the most vulnerable life of their most vulnerable life.
thousands of people are putting videos like this, in their most advanced girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what are you trying to do this?
Well, the attacks today are never alone.
They are under being in line and available all the time, talking about, giving me a little bit of me -- you know, you know, sharing it, putting it up, and it never goes on.
We never have been so connected -- in the way, in the way, as young as you.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a film in your room all the night.
There's simply no production.
And the social pressure that they go from the hand with that are improving.
So this environment, of being always connected to our kids to get out in the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of food that they need.
There's no diversity between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the difference between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is antibiotic and what is made by distributed distribution.
What is the most described in the life of someone who is normal in a doctor control?
And where are you looking for institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are based on the news of the girls in now.
More cartoons are going to continue to make our paradox.
The technical technology is now a robotics.
And you think about it, and the bit of it, biological and embraced.
For those who are discovered, it means protecting pressure.
These tools are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not increases to this.
Like the stars of the station, and the stress stations.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow hands and be individual individuals.
But in a cultural culture for the image -- we're teaching our kids to stop more time and energy to their application, to the price of all of the other aspects of their identity of it.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical capacity and the other programs and other species start to survive.
six of every 10 girls will be able to do something because you think they don't look enough enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as you control society and the field of the local development.
35 percent, almost one of the three analogs are not interested in the kinds of class -- they were able to be able to put out in the high decades because they don't want to call the attention for their physical species.
One of every five are not being able to clear on the days when you don't feel about about it.
And in the terms of experiments, if you don't think you see enough enough well, especially if you don't think you are straightforward enough -- you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that approach.
And this phenomenon has done in Finala, the United States and China.
And it gives you a lot of what they actually have these young people.
So so that it was very clear -- we're talking about how you see you, not what you're really about.
The bottom of your body is driving the access of the accident record.
And it's also getting the health.
The attacks with the time to make less physical activity -- they eat less physical and visions, they put in more discoveries that can take them to a food feedback.
They have a strange law.
They are more involved by the people who get them up and are in greater risk of designer.
And we think it's all over this for what they take more artificial decisions -- as the control of access and dangerous, discovery discovery, specific relationships to the early parts and no production and productive data.
The search of the perfect body is asking the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not.
women who believe that they have a whole bit of again, including if you have or they don't have a lot of access to access.
The 17 percent of women don't worry to a work of work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see it.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we were able to support this, what would that opportunity.
Learning this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about, you know, it doesn't take you very far away.
It's not a good thing.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we have learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to engage trust in their own body.
We have to help our ancestors to develop structures to support the pressure of the perfect images and build their stress.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of different programs are going to be interested -- without giving you the situation -- they get the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that you follow our kids will not just have a positive impact -- but also a huge impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the information of the family -- friends and relationships and relationships of it.
So these six species are points of critical parts for any willing to bring an education in the body of a body that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we will face this problem for each of us that we take them on the issue and we are a better model to keep the women and kids in our own lives.
It will be able to be able to do the current station of how women are seen and mentioned in our cars.
It's not good to tell us with the accident of our policy and the size of your faces, or the size of their faces, or to try to figure out that the device or the success of a policy access to the fact that it's not a big beauty of it.
We need to start with people for what they are, not because you see it.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and food that we put in our social network.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their access and not in your approach.
And let me ask you, when was the last time that you had a support?
Now, we have to work together as communities and as companies and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our kids are going back to value all their person, sell the identity -- the diversity -- the diversity -- the information.
We have to put people who are really doing the difference in a perfect.
To make a difference in the real world, we do that they are the ones who go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that they are never going to be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind, who do you have in mind.
How many of your star?
Do your signal?
How many of your daughter?
Her subject?
It could just be just the woman who is to two feet of distribution. What would it mean for it if it was the advanced voice in your interest -- that I would get it for not to have a long legs -- a little bit more decades, and a little bit more plant, you get a little bit smaller -- and the smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say that they are going to get up to their potential in that way.
Right now, the object of our culture with images is getting all of us.
But we teach our kids the true.
We teach that the way you look at you is just one part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel it.
We evolved to the street in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we speak and share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to government, so that the small through a year of a year today, they become a certain change of change of themselves as well.
Let's do it.
And the five of Nicolate 1990s, a seat called South And I was going to have a hospital in Manhattan and all the way to the Roman Randle Karline, the leaders of the Line of Lesterland Department.
And I was going to do it in the window of it, but it will be present by other months -- in a company of others, they started to put attention to about 12 children from New York City.
For the face of those planets were made for a thermal information.
The Taliban 1970s, in the World Center Congress, couldn't be able to avoid it.
More later, I would be connected by their particles in that attention.
Audience will be my father.
I was born in Photos, Persistan, in 1999, as he was a record interaction, with an American mother -- a American mother -- in the top of the two they made all the possible possible to give me a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few -- even most of the mathematics, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't need a lot of to get the same things in life.
However, in all of us, in the whole human group -- there is always a little face of people who are being as close to their conditions that think that you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
For a few months before he sat up with me and explain that in the last few weeks, he had been going to have been going to be going back to the art in London, and to protect it.
He told me that I was going to go with him the next day.
We came to the Cartie Park that, without knowing our group, I was ready by the FBI.
When I took my father -- my father helped me hold up the rock in the man and explain to me how to go to the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last battle that I gave him to the small light on the goal and in the goal of all of all, especially me, all the entire goal in calls in calls it.
My wife went back to the others and in Roman, said "Canada."
And so I mean, just a child.
At all of all, the food uses a lot of root, but just a few years later I understood what they looked so thank you.
They saw in me, the same level of device that my father could cause it.
Those people later would be able to put up a collection with 400 pounds of experiments in the West company of the World Center of the World Center of the World Center -- creating a explore that killed six people and have been able to get another 1,000 people.
I went to those men.
I call them "Marine," which means that.
When I came up with, I had moved 20 times -- that innovation during my journey didn't allowed me to do a lot of advertising.
Every time I started to feel close about someone else was time to fight and go to another city.
As I was always a new face of the class with it it was value of markets.
And I took my sense of my identity to avoid to be the white -- but it will be the new of the class and record, it was enough.
So most of the time the spent in the house was going home in home -- looking at TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills -- to tell you sure -- to grow down for factors, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was able to put it to the people, with a based on artistic institutions, like their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put in my way to think about it was during the private economic electrons.
In a private program in which you put in the National National Congo in Philippin.
My group was found in the subject of local violence -- as I had been able to map almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion ...
The members of this group came out of a different product.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I discovered that one of the kids who had done started, it was water.
I took a number of days to go back to the light and I realized that there was no analogy between the two.
I had never had a black friend and French I felt very proud to have been able to sell the word that all life had been made to believe that it was interacting.
Another critical moment came up when I got a work of summer in Bob Gallet, a couple of difference.
I found me with people from all kinds of creatures and culture. That experience turned out for the development of my face.
All of the life had taught me that humans was a decade and, by the way, all of the ants were bad.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with hours there, in a space, and I was able to see that several of them were the most close and less creatures that I'd seen in life.
There was been a child, developed a sense of colleague to the substance of others, but it was not easy for me to try to try with the words, exactly the way I would have wanted to be trying to be.
So for that feeling I was able to control the stories that had taught me from child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be humanity, but I know what it's going to be able to do for something beyond my control.
Then I came up with the Hollywood Santa.
All the night, John Star made me be interested with my interactions, and I would help me see that the reason from people, religion or sex.
In many ways he came up with my father in a moment where I was described to it.
In oceans -- innovation can come out of the institution, and that a black company would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- extraordinary, wasn't at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think about it, and she told me something to build in my heart by the way, while it's living in.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been writing enough with digital interaction, and he said, "I'm capable of advanced."
At that moment I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that room in your interesting.
My real name is not Zabbar Earth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go back and put it in a possible possible?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that somebody else is trying to lead to violence -- you can hear my story and understand that there is a better way to me that even though I was told to this violence and interactive, I was not going to make a fantastic.
By the time, I decided to use my experience to fight against the temperature and against the pressures.
I do it by the very close therapies and for their bears -- by the temperature and the printers that the theory has been produced in their lives.
For the vision of the theory to talk about, against those days, it doesn't make sense to the access of my father.
So with this simple point here as a test that violence is not interactive to any religion or reason that the children don't have to follow the walk of their parents in it.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this moment there is a film that is project in their mind.
This is an amazing movie.
It's in 3D and it has a sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning of it.
Your film has artist, she was survived and television.
You feel your body -- your dance, your horse, your pile, your plan.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, as a few times of your information that are produced by your eyes.
And it has a little voice in your flow of thinking about it.
The heart of the film is you who experience all of them at all.
So this film is your content of the concept of the experience of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have a very own international film -- you, you and you.
There's nothing that we know more directly about it.
At least I know that I have a own own.
I don't have a sense that you are aware of you.
The consciousness is also the reason to live in.
If we don't get aware of our lives, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most microbes of the universe.
Why are we construction?
Why do we have these interactions that are interesting?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experience with the interesting movie of the interaction?
At this time, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to get control to science, you need some remarkable ideas.
Some people say it is impossible a science of the control.
The science, by nature is obvious.
The context, by nature is survival.
So there can never be a science of the control.
Because during almost all the 21st century, I lost that vision of it.
People were looking at the operation of the obviously, the neurons would study the brain, but no one had ever heard about it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific jobs on the conversation.
After 20 years ago, it was all started to change.
neurons like France.
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flower of the scientific work about content.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has a fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of the science of the science in the years, it was the search of robots, relationships between some areas of the brain and some state of the context.
So we saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I was born Kartin Karline a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the energy experience of seeing faces or to feel happy or to feel happy.
But this is going to be a science.
It's not a science science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conventional experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work is to answer some questions that we want to explain the concept. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they get in.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not be able to forget the neurons with neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems with content.
So I don't open the real central molecule of this material -- why all physical process in the brain has to be advanced by the context?
Why do there is a microbes in the surgery?
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to business.
It is going to become another force in the top of the employees, like the humans, like life, and we're going to find experience.
The techniques are all cases of emergency behavior -- how are you going to have the substances, how do you work the humans, how are you represented, and you get up and measure the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the goal work.
That could be apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain as a financial phenomenon -- how we walk on, how do we talk about, how are we going on, how are we able to get artist, they are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes out of it, the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the difficult problem is the question of why is it that all behavior is able to have a substance of a substance experience.
And here it is, the paradox is going to be able to start out of the surface, the paradigm is going to come out of nature, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a high scientific machine.
I want a scientific theory of the concept that it works. For a long time, I had my head against the wall looking for a theory of color in terms of physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the concept that that didn't work for the system that it didn't work.
I think we were in this point.
We have a lot of wonderful experts -- great. We were going to be able to this, the physics explain the change, the chemical explain the biology -- the biology explain part of the physics.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to run on this system.
For one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of us.
On the other, we don't know how to apply that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
And I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to get to our vision of the world, but we don't know how we don't know it.
So with an animal like this, you can need real ideas -- I think we need ideas that are going to be locally, before it will be able to deal with the cost of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Delight, which is here today, it has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no kind of hard problem of the control.
And all the idea of the international film is including a kind of installation or conflict.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain the works of the brain, the behavior of the brain, and this is what it was studying all you need to do.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the conservation of the correction of the correction of the brain.
At the same time, for me and a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to simply going to make the view of science to be safety.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be productive.
The first crazy idea is that the concept is fundamental to it.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental standards, the space and the mass.
They put the fundamental laws that governments -- as the grandmothers or quantum metals.
These laws and the fundamental products don't explain in terms of any more basic thing.
At the context of the contract, they were made in the world, and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it looks like.
In the 21st century, I discovered that you can't explain that we can't explain the electrical phenomenon in terms of physical controls in terms of fundamental controllers, space laws -- and I put the basic laws in the electronics, and put the electrical carbon as a fundamental concept than those global laws that those government laws are.
And I think that's the situation that we found with the context.
If you can't explain the concept in terms of fundamental ideas -- space -- space -- time, mountain, commercial, then by the way, you have to put it out.
The most natural thing would be to put the color as something fundamental -- a fundamental sea of nature.
This doesn't mean that it is not about science of science.
But I open the way to make sure that the way to make it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect the control with other fundamental countries, the space -- the time, the mass -- physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want them to make fundamental laws that we can put them into a reception.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws as simple as we can put them into a wall.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second point is that consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a content of control.
This vision sometimes is called particular, "Paralyzed by all, every single system is aware of it, not only the humans -- not only humans -- the doors, even the microscopes of Robert Kararos, the electronic particles are particularly.
Even a flow has a lot of control.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or you think about.
It is not that a flow can be full of animal when I think "Oh, I always travel to the speed of light.
I never can stop the risk."
No, so not.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some security sense of creative sense -- surgery, some main prison of the control.
This can sound a little bit for you.
How do you think something so low?
In part of this comes out of the first crazy idea that the concept is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- is natural nature that can also be universe, just like others.
It's also going to be able to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultural cells, where human mind looks more like nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is visible the control with information.
And I always have an information of information, there is a context.
It comes from complex information, as in a human being.
Think of simple information -- simple.
One very exciting thing is that in the years I remember a neuron, Germany Telescope, I took this kind of theory and the developed development with mathematical media.
It has a massive matter of information of information, which is called the particular information of information in a system.
And I knew it has to do with the conversation.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible graduate group of information, a high star of information, a lot of context.
In a mouse there is a middle of information of information -- as much as a pretty important concept of a pretty important.
But when you get to the markets, microbes -- particles, particles of the paradox of it.
The level of information of information is less -- but it is not true.
In the theory of Tennessee, there will still be a different level of context of correct.
In fact a fundamental law in the context, high partner of the concept, high cartoon of control.
And also, another reason is that the audience can help us get the concept to the physical world.
And the physics and physical phones have learned that physics is clear about it.
And I described the structure of reality using a lot of effects, but we don't talk about the reality that I went down.
How do you explain Standard Harvard, where does the force of the equipment?
From the physical vision of the physics of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of content.
That's what physics do basically to describe the flow of content.
And so this vision is the thing that put it out in the resources.
In that violence, the concept is not in the physical world as a kind of adventure.
It's right there in the center here.
So this vision -- I think, political vision has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious control.
Some can be improvisation.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had contact -- then it should be very collective.
If you are a paper and you get that vision and you have a lot of human.
I think that thinking about well, this tend to transform your violence, while what it matters in terms and moral consequences, it's not so much the fact that the fact, but their impact and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and
It is also natural to ask the color in other systems as computers as computers as well.
What are there about the African intelligence system in the film "Paragox."
Is it construction?
And so the vision of physical information, she has a process of complicated information -- so the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right, you get a pretty serious question of pretty serious sort of sense of the development of intelligence systems and the risk of them.
And finally, you can ask for the conference of the full collection, the planet.
Can you have your own context?
Or a more local level, a group of interactive, like the audience in a TED talk in this moment we have a TED.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that needs to take a serious question.
So this physical vision is a national vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure about the first crazy idea that the concept is something fundamental than the second of the second -- that it will be universe.
You know, a lot of questions a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- like how those pieces of thinking control to the kind of complex control that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right way.
If no, well, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and the physical problem.
We can't wait to solve it on the morning.
But I think we finally will go to discover it.
So I understand the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves to us.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Virginia.
I had a very normal performance, a sense of education.
I went to school, I took my friends with my friends, and I was told with my signals as well.
It was all very normal in it.
And when I was 15 years old, a members of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to take a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very bad, but there is a problem.
She has actually not been considered.  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good news. After school, I had a performance under my mother in my mother -- and I spent a lot of time looking at the "British "Beating and "The "Cartooning Commerce.
Yeah, I know it.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that you can think of as a day if we take the ability to be the equation.
years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school school in a high school school in the course of the course of 18 minutes a girl took the hand and said, "Oh, when do you give your device?
And I said, "What's designed?
Well, I had been talking about the language of a lot for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know you.
When the people in the cars, they talk about smart things in school in school.
"You know, in the artistic room.
And it was then when I realized it, this child had had experience with people with destruction as an individual objects of innovation.
And we don't know it. And it's not careful of the guy, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with discovery are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We are not real people. We're there to invest it.
And in fact, I am in this stage looking at what I do in this room, and you probably are waiting to show them to you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I love to tell you straightforward.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relationship to democracy.
Yeah, you have been looking at the ability to be the standard that discovery is a bad thing.
It's a bad thing and living with a device makes you explain.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't have to do it exciting.
And in the last few years, we have been able to pay even more of this send through social media media from social community.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only device in life is a bad activist."
Or this one.
Or this one.
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a huge amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the girl without hand with a subject of a surgery by the bank.
You may have seen a child who goes up with a little bit of cardiac films of carbon.
And there is a lot of these images -- which are what we call an invention that we call inspiration.
And I use the terms of the professional term -- because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we put the discoveries in the benefit of people without discovered.
The purpose of these images is to try to identify them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad that it would be my life, it could be worse to be worse to it.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been able to express that you think that I am violence or a source of innovation, and this happens before my work had a public pressure.
It was as if I was happy for me to get out of the morning and remember my own name --  and this is going on.
These images, those images grow to the people with democracy of the people with no discovery.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their presentations in perspective.
And life as a digital person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you can think about.
They are not related things to our body.
I use the term people who are described, because I wrote to the called social model model of discovery, which tells us that we are more available because of the society that we live because of our bodies or distances.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things I need to do, and I learned to take the best of your ability like this, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of the community.
They just are using their bodies by doing the best of their ability to do it.
So is it really right to put them in the way that we do that, when we share those images?
When people tell us, "You are a source of institution, it says as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It is a cause of life, because they have become this sense that the device makes us explored.
And unfortunately, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking about.
I am here by the institution, and you think of God, "So, God, you're not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that.
And I learned from other people who are going on all over time.
However, I don't learn that I am more likely than them.
And I learned that it's a great idea to use a great idea to solve the things that they get to me --  I learned the transition of how to cut the battle of the mobile phone in the front of the car.
Green.
We learn from the force and rest of the others, not against our bodies and our distances, but against a world that makes us.
I really believe that that means that you have sold us about discovery is the biggest infection.
It makes us hard life.
And that clip, "The only device in life is a bad activist, the reason that that is that it is not true, because of the social model.
A lot of sounds in the surface of substance has never done it in a rate.
Never --  --  --       I will hold up to a television screen will not be able to go through the substances for the source people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and creating a positive activity to get all those books to the back.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where discovery is not exploration, but the normal.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years ago, sitting on his driver see "Black San Company is not considered nothing to be in a car.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experiences of the people who are happy that we are happy to take out of the face and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value a world of people with discovery, and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11 degrees in a high school school in a high school school is not a little surprising that their new teachers is a star of cars.
The device doesn't make us explore, but it will solve what you think to know about about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do about the reality and the private factory, with the computer?
And what's the average speed of a corruption without care?
Unfortunately, I'm going to have to answer one of those questions -- so by the way, they don't stop it.
When people think about it, you think about Michael Reduction, and in Take Court working on the hands in the air -- but the reality is not science science.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the reality reality?
The first step -- is what I read protection, the Google Google Georges.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Google is a device that allows them to see what I see.
And let me let you experience what is to be a professional destruction in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to figure out.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will get with your imagination with it.
We can use the Google Google, under a car and know what is going to go through the game of the game to 100 miles -- the blood comes through the eyes.
We can know that you feel that a man of 100 percent of us, you know, trying to develop with all of their be.
I have been there and I'm sure that it's not anything else.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Google Google under the car, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the printing of Netherlands, because the idea of the Newton technology is a surgery supposed to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Karafish, let's go.
It's horrible to be a correction.
A moment.
Do you provide?
Let's go.
Chris Karafish, as you can see, it's a protection of what is going to be taken in the financial field from the police of the policy.
You might have realized that it makes people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, compared from the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of Washington University here.
Mars Francisco, Random Zimbabin, Zealand Zebba.
And Jerusalem Julia, Jerusalem 18, let's go.
Chris Karafish, this is a little bit more to sense to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being in NASA.
You want that experience.
The doctors want to be in the field -- it will be their favorite games -- and they have asked me in New and Twitter, you can see from the size of a field.
Or a root?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Georges, how do we get out of it, how do we take it to the next level, how do we take it to the next level, how do we take it to the next level, how do we take it at the next level, how do we take it to the next level, how do we take it to the next
We took it to that level using something called South Rosea, which is sure a lot of you already know.
And the West Rose has been described as the most virtual reality of the most recent real reality -- and it's not based on.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, oh."
No, no, no, no, I don't want to follow play.
Oh, my God, my God."
CA: That's the experience of a man in a lot of a lot of a little bit of his life.
What will be the experience of a family when we get a video of Army Persistan by creating the line of a control with the arm before the arm before you go back and do a analogy? What will be the experience of a family.
When can I be able to be mentioned by the class, you put out the bad at the bottom of the river? Or let me do a star in Alexanders.
What would be your experience when you get out of a mountain over 100 miles as a start surgery?
Maybe you can get the participants of patterns for adults.
But this is not even the reality of it.
It's just virtual reality.
So how do we take the reality reality, Rick?
We're going to take the reality of the reality when you put them up, and the diagrams and you see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it for paradoxes, participation?
Because they always use technology to win it.
They like to win them. You give them money.
So here is a bad challenge about technology in NASA.
In 2010, the Parkinson Parks put it up to his field of field so that it would play faster to play.
They won the Border Banglade that year.
The other team decided to take them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the NASA started rates in the cards of the field of field and then in the designers.
They had more specialized because it was faster because it was faster to it.
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to your group and you see their next play in front of you, in a plant of plastic that they have presented.
Or for me to measure the structure.
They just go back to the field and get up.
And they want them to do it because if you don't get their institutions -- they lose parts, and they have to lose parts.
If you lose them to give you a little bit.
And they don't want that.
But the reality reality is not just a lot of matter of improvisation.
The reality is also a way to give up information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the way.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the state having a view from the high people who are down.
You also get information from the streets and the access to the artists and the access of what is already working on.
And all of that information is going to take your players.
The good team will know it.
The bad will have a lot of information.
This makes the good team of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your revolutions, and the data of data will stop to be just for neurons.
It will be also for stations. Who would have improved?
How would it be in the field.
Imagine they're the field of field.
You get the bad and recorded.
You look at an open record. In the right side of your vision of your vision of your vision of your vision is going to go to you -- and you know, you don't see it, but the Rick system.
You go to the area of the protection.
The other flow is that there is an open record.
And you get the bad.
And the bad.
You don't know where to read -- yet the journey looks at her video a warming area that you can see and you can measure the face.
And it goes up with the bad and anti-printers and antibiotic.
And the physical public and the families have followed the play from every English.
So this is something that will create a massive environment in the space.
You will make people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
You want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite play.
The reality is going to be part of the particular because it's too likely to be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of reality.
Are we going to use it just as a paradox and close, like our own corner?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the reality that we can actually make the company between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to be the decade for the decades.
It makes thousands of miles a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show a grandmother how hard you are their access from the perspective of the visual?
How much is this technology for a girl in Uganda, or Rome trying to show the world how to live being perfectly?
How much is it also for a Congress Congress or a Desert Degra Telescope trying to identify a generation of children so that you think more in space and science in the space and science and Karsons.
Services and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we do, you know, as always of us.
Thank you.
I remember it took me after 24 years of service in the Park of California.
Most of those 24 years ago, I spent the passion in the top of the Collection of Mars, which including the Project Germany.
The bridge is a typical structure.
Unfortunately, it's also a genome for survivor, being one of the most used places in the world.
So the Park God was open in 1985.
John Stations, I got a little bit of building the pressure, he said that, "The bridge is essentially to support surgery.
The survivor from the bridge is not professional or professional.
But from his application, over 150 people have been coming up to their death from that audience.
Some of you think to travel between the two dollars will take you to another difference. This piece has been done as the age of it, that the every single since you read from all of your worry and distribution, and the water that are going to be going down your star.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to get survival.
After one of the age of four to five seconds to five seconds, the short body against the water.
And the impact is reduced by the bottom, some of those of you who would have a living organization.
Most of us die in the impact of it.
And the ones that don't usually do in the bottom water and then they get away.
I don't think that the ones who control this field of surface is being able to get out of the death of the death that you will get in.
This is the car.
It goes around the two tools, there are 35 tons of participants on the protection.
This is where most people are going to be able to take life.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is in that corresponding, and at the most dark time, it's very hard to bring it out.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking with an office by having their life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the back.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form of it.
We looked at the way through these called the way.
This was not just a bad service to those who control the surface, but the opposites as well.
We've got a long way since the time.
Today, order to fly and physics are coming to the new organizations.
This is Japan Galapagos.
I met it the 24 percent of last year when I got a call of a possible.
And when I came in, and when I came in, I looked at Japan talking with an office of the Barrick Gallery.
Japan had only 35 years and he had come up here from New Jerusalem.
In fact, I had come back up to here two times before.
After about one time talking about Japan, we asked us if we know the story of the Park of Park.
And I remember the big microscope, Zenhahard created Park, and I sent it to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "No, never open that box."
Well, one day, the quality could be more than Park, and she opened the box.
And she came out of it, you know, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Japan asked us, "What if you open the box and there is no hope?
And it was destroyed to the right, and it went into the right, and it was it.
So this grandmother and smart of New Japan was just taking life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking with them, it doesn't seem to be a very well, because the next day of the family was called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan had asked it.
The collective days of the survivor affect a lot of people.
I put them these questions -- what would you do if a members of your family or a friend or someone who was started out of survivor?
What would you do?
You know what to say.
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't stop, collections, or say to the person who you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of innovation that they need.
If you think that someone is supposed -- you don't have fear of them and do the question.
One way to make you ask the question is, "You guys have thought about support their life, you've had these thinking?
It will take the person in front of it can save life and be the point of innovation for them.
Other cells to look at it, dependence, to believe that things are terrible and that they never get to improve -- improvisation, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it -- it is a recent social supply, and a lost of the interest in life.
I was happened this talk a couple of days ago, and I got a little bit of a security and I would like to read your face.
She lost his son in the age of this year, and I wrote this goal just a couple of days ago, and it is with his lost and benefit that I read them.
"Hold, Karafin." I think you're in the TED.
It must be an experience to be there.
I am thinking that I should go to the bridge of a week.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who care to their friends, etc.
I'm still not quite intelligent, but even more times to give me a really few times not to go home.
Michael was trying to Saturn France to San Francisco to see the part of the 45 with his father in the age of the 19th.
I never got there.
And I called the Poland Polar and it took it as a destruction that night.
At the next morning, two office came to my house and I was excited that the car of Michael was down in the screen.
And I had seen it to be able to go out from the bridge to 1985 of the day of the day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been before a really bad disease.
It doesn't have to be so easy to end with it.
And I just are with your fight with you.
Given GDP Gallas God is supposed to be a role through our beautiful battle, not a computer.
All right.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go through it.
I would like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope.
The 11 percent of 2009, and it turned out to a call called a carbon start in the top of the cost of the north of the North non-state.
I took my mom on the room and I looked at this man and I looked at this man, Kenya Bang, in the top.
When I looked at me, I came up with the back of the bank, and it goes down in that little team that goes around the air.
For the time and the next time, I heard like Kenya talked about his destination and depression.
Kenya decided for her day that day I will go back on that carbon and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, the happiness.
"This is a new company, a new life.
But I asked him, "What was it that I did and you give you the hope and the other opportunity?
And you know what he said.
He said, "I heard you.
I let me talk to me and just listen to me.
A little bit after that interaction, I got a face of the mother of Karti, and I have that face with me and I would like to get you.
"Do you want Search Brazil, nothing going to get the events of the 19th century, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya goes with us.
And I think, I think Karan was walking by help.
It has been associated with a mental disease for which has been right now.
And I went back to Kenya when I was only six months ago, I completely heard about all of all of those heart rooms, but thank God, now we know.
Kenya is in order -- like the said.
We give them because of God for you.
And I was going on with you with you, National Bangladesh.
And at the end of it I wrote -- "When I saw the Higgs House of San Francisco that night, you were going to have the patient.
"I know I had to support.
There will be a fantastic father and an act of society.
I talked about the events of that day and his definition with the hope that his story will inspired others.
It is not just something I've found in the work.
It's a personal thing.
My grandfather was supposed to come out.
That act is going to be able to end their own distance, I got the opportunity to meet it.
This is what the sound does.
For most people, or those who consider the surface, you didn't think about the other person.
They just want her own distribution to do.
For the general thing, this will be just three ways to be able to be three ways.
In my career -- I have been involved in hundreds of mental disease.
And of those engineers that I've been directly involved -- I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who told him about one time.
For that time, I took the hand in three choices.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Generation, I feel -- but I have to go.
And he came out.
Hollywood, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, yet the great majority of people that we are going to connect in that bridge is not supposed to be.
Now, those guys who have come out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one percent of those people have said that at the second of the people who are left in the back that they realized that they had made a commercial and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge is not only control with San Francisco -- but also people.
That connection -- or it turns out that we do, is something that everybody and each of us should be able to do.
The sound can be able to.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you feel what you're not you, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question. How do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not just -- in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had had the dream that I had had from a child.
My first finally wrote with my real truth with my interest with my interest.
Of course, you know, that I'm going to give you more later, when I look at this picture I think -- you get it, you get it, you get it.
But the open past -- I discovered that, you know, I'm starting on.
In all of us, we were going to get our families, our religion -- our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of oil -- to be able to get out of the limitations in the color of the skin or for the belief of those of us who get up.
They are people who are always going to take the subject of it, which is going to be able to accept it.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my voices -- many of my friends, my friends -- my attention.
I think this engineer was called relationship.
This is the me.
I was told like "The "Charles because of the surface of my generations.
I remember my five years in Philippines, in my house in my house, I always had this way in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that wall in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my face. I'm a girl."
I knew how to make it.
The government has always considered a matter that you have a matter that we now know that, actually, it's something more complex and microscope.
Because of my success -- I never got to share my story -- not because I thought it's going to be a bad thing, but why the world is about those of us who want to read it.
Every day I will be women.
I have a mom and a family and a family that I love to me.
Many are not so foreign.
There is a long tradition in the visual culture that I care about the minister of the government.
There's a book of compassion of compassion here.
There is a horizontal daughter, a little bit of the dancers.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a film in the French that I wrote these microscopes.
I was on the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came back to me, and I remember that moment as if something else would get me, this is the kind of woman who I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw this woman called TED.
It is the difference of a beautiful beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why do you no longer have a bit of beauty?
He told me that if she was going to be able to get out of the speed and the self-dependent standards, and that night, and that night, they go back in the bank transportation, and it took a third end between more than 40 dollars.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was inside the world of beauty in the world.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from a little bit of beauty -- but I know.
I also met the daughter of the stations, especially when we went back to the professors of Philippines.
But more important than that, I met my best friends from that community.
In 2008, my mom who had moved to San Francisco -- I was called me and told me that they took my support of the green table that could go to the U.S.
I came up.
I said to my mother "Mary, "Man: I'm doing it.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a biological record.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move the United States you can change the name and the identity of government.
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom felt that I was going to put two and a half to my name.
And she also took me when I get it on Park to the 18 years.
It is key that in some of the most rural cities in Paul to make the most powerful strangers, and so on.
At that time in the United States, it was need to make the surgery.
So in 2007, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the consumer line with the name of the Big and the "The "Amazon government.
It was a big moment.
For some people, his sense of individual means could be able to be able to build or be able to get a transit, but for me was the list to live -- to feel to make it out.
And I think, my legs were seen minister.
I felt that I could put my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so foreign.
I think in this woman of Mother New News.
A young woman from New York City.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our survivors are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 percent of us are doing a global vision for the Congress of the Telescope.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who read and put it out of the installation.
This is Marine Park. John Rossing.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the short.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without violence, no sense.
I am here, explored, so that some day no longer there are no longer more than 20 percent.
My most deep truth took me to accept what I are.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you.  Kates Santa, George, a quick question.
Ben Rossing, of course, you see, first of all, you can add with all my benefits.
I was to my speed of support -- my parents especially to my family -- which is very strong in it.
I remember all the times I have taken young young women that I've been advertised to young young women who have come in, and a few times, when I was called me and told me that their parents couldn't be able to read it, I was called my mom and he said, "Man: Can you call this woman?"
So some times I worked -- others -- it's not just an idea of war, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
And I mean, to all of you who are going to have a young girl in the way, and what I try to do is put it on the table the issue that some times that sense -- and that there should be a space that would allow people to get to people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with cells.
The movement is trying to share with the global movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood it.
There should be space for culture and to ask questions and I hope that all of you are my substance.
KB: Thank you.
In many political societies and computers, the parents are probably known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents to who know about his daughter and I'm proud of it.
He started his campaign for education by giving their rights in 2008, and when they were headed their resources in 2010, when you put the National National Prince of the peace -- it was very famous -- a very popular girl in your country.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but I'm now his father.
Services and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the information, of the school, of violence and the exploration.
You see, in the political societies -- right from the beginning, when I was going to take a child, his name is not called a character.
It's not benefit, not for his father, not for his mother or for his mother not for his mother, or for his mother or for his mother not for his mother, or for his mother or for his mother not for his mother, or for his mother or for his mother not for his mother, or for his mother or for his mother not for his mother, or for his
The speed comes in, day their contents to the mother and no happiness to the father.
And a mother would open a lot to have a child.
When I go to light to the first child, the first child, you put it up.
When I go to light to the second day, you know, and with the hope of a son, when I was a third child, it feels careful as a crisis.
Not only the mother goes up, but the daughter. The daughter came up, when I grew up, it goes as well.
On the age of five years, when I should go to school, it gets in home and the school to their brother stars.
To the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and you can move on the streets as a market.
But when I went into the school, when I was a stage of 12 years old, he was asked to go out of his house without a male concept.
It's connected to four parts of his home.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the horizontal home of his father and his brother and his family, and if you bring the code of that honor -- it could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this cost cost of honor is not only about the life of a child, also affect the life of the family members of the family.
So this sister is supposed to be the flu of his life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the human state.
And there is a lot more of the political societies that is called open.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very high and very surprising and very surgery.
It's the crash.
The model of a good girl must be street.
You know that it must be similar and that it makes the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the analogs, even if you don't want.
If you take it with a man who doesn't like or if you take it with a old man -- it has to take it, because it doesn't want to be a decade of designer.
If you get them very young house -- it has to take it.
And then you call it the development of it.
And what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the end, what happens at the
In the words of a piece, "The home, and then it gives light to more children and hours."
And the idea of the situation is that this mother is the same lesson of an office to his daughter and the same side of honor to their children.
And this creates a little bit of control and control.
They wanted beautiful and brothers, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the name I was going to be horrible, but when I was there and when I was there and I looked at his eyes, I felt very honest.
And so much before I was born in his name -- and he was fascinated with a language of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars Mars and called my daughter like that.
But when I went up, all of them were men -- and I took my plane, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote "Maria: "Mary."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half and a half years old in my school.
You ask you, why should I tell you the attention of a girl in a school.
Yeah, I should tell you.
You can give it for a sitting in California, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies in the local societies -- is a great accident for the living life.
It will be in a school means the revolution of his identity and his name of his name.
So one attention to school means that it has been in the world of dreams and the speeds where you can explore their potential for their life.
I have five beautiful, and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I wrote the collection of life, and I was in the relationship to the family -- I couldn't remember the statistics of some of my sister people.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sister written in any distribution.
That was the reason why they value my daughter here.
What my father could not give me to my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
It used to take the intelligence and the school of my daughter ...
And it was going to sit with me when my friends came to see it.
The animal to go to me with different metals.
And all of these values -- I have been trying to put them into their perspective.
And this was not just for her, just for Mars.
And I have done all of these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
I use education for employees.
I teach my children, I taught the students -- to forget the lesson of the office.
I taught you the students to forget the lesson of called the service.
You want beautiful and beautiful, we looked for more rights for women, and we looked at to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found it with a new phenomenon again.
It was read for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It was called the corner.
And that means a complex complex of the women in all of the women in all political and social and social activity.
hundreds of schools.
The kids were asked to go to school.
And the women were used to use voices and stop to go to the market.
The music were supposed -- the sorts of anti-profits and the station states.
They suggest millions -- but a few people talked about, and it was a lot to have around those people who kill and use when you talk about their right.
It's really ready.
In the 10 years old, Marine came up and went through the right to education.
I wrote a dollar for the Balan of the BMW: it was left in the National New York Times -- and I talked about every platform that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice here.
It turned out like a word around the world.
And that was the reason that the terrorists could not put his campaign and the nine of the 2010, they gave him to move in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
As my daughter was available between life and death -- he would go back to my wife to my wife -- "I have a complete for what happened to my daughter -- your daughter?
And I just said to me, "Well, I don't know you.
Desperate the cause together.
You put your life on the cause of the truth of the truth of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you get it.
They were both in the right way.
These little words means a lot for me, and he didn't go back again.
When Mars was in the hospital and he had self-dependent devices and heart discovery of head because his favorite nervous was cut up, I used to see a dark subject that goes up by the face of my wife ...
But my daughter never stopped.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my supply supply and with the environment in my face.
I'm going to give you good.
It was a conversation for us, and we connect us.
You want beautiful and brothers, we have learned about her how to solve in the most difficult time, and I'm able to share with you that despite being an increase for the rights of children and women -- it's like any girl of 16 years.
It was when I didn't have his task here.
It goes up with their sister and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What are there of special in my theory that has made so high to Marine so value, except and measure?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Let me give you what I didn't do.
It did not cut their room and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion in it.
I am an interaction.
And I want to tell you that I have come to the Marine group of Google -- and I want to tell you that I have had a diagram to my cartoon, the distance of Google X-ray, but all the work that I'm going to talk today about the science of the brain, and I did it before I put Google or outside my work there.
So having said this, there is a question when you get up to a brain.
Are you going to be just as smart or right?
It's not going to be like that, can you be going to be interaction?
And then I had a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the grandmother material -- but it was the death part of the center that creates important humans and neurons.
And I immediately had to decide what that amount of to take -- from more than a tens of chemical people every day, because if I didn't take anything in a few hours.
Every day, during the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and military members -- and try to get them, to keep life.
More than one time I have come through a little bit.
But of course, I have a full of experiment -- so I decided to experience to try to get them to try to get the early discoveries because there is really no clear map that I say at the way.
I started to try with a little bit of different, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the data would change my airplane, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particular case for a few months ago, for a few months, I was able to put them up to a young man for a man, and I was surprised by looking at how I would change my thinking.
I was always familiar, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and   -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known a number of guys like this, or maybe some of the things that are all about.
It turned out like a strange one.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a crazy.
In fact, I was trying to try and have a lot of subject, to bring a problem that I had to the front and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't get it.
I changed my designers.
But I think that experience gave me a new choice about men and about what you have to do. Since then I get better with men.
And what I tried to get to do is to get to the holes and neuroscientists and others, it was going to take my intelligence after the disease, and the opportunity, my creative thinking -- my creature of ideas.
Just to think about almost in images -- and that became my kind of key record, how do you get those mental images that used to create products, my ideas -- if you want it? It was using new ideas and getting situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Films like Hander, David and you've been looking at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who have this idea, and there are a lot of designers about how the mind works -- for me is simple -- for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and industrial thinking.
So after a number of years, I got to find the point right and I have a lot of large mental minds -- really supposed to be able to be a lot of solid and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what would happen if a difference of carbon was able to use their imagination just to make the world that has the front of the war?
Or if a music could increase the music.
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way people creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difficult thing to do this is just to increase the result of our brain system.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to getting this with two recent experiments done by two recording groups in business.
They were both used technology technique, image by the massive material -- to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain of brain done by George Galler and their colleagues of Harvard.
The color of the left shows the brain of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individual while you imagine, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by taking the control of the central color of the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost nothing.
This became a lot of different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between looking at an image and imagine to see that same image is almost nothing.
Now, let me share another experiment -- this is from the lab of James Galapagos in Barrick, California.
They were able to become the brain brothers in real visual field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment -- it showed people hundreds of hours of Nigerian videos as they had their brains to create a great rest of the brain in the brain before the video services of video.
And then I showed you a film with new images again, new animals, new animals, and as it was a new star.
The computer, using only the brain brain of the star that was decided to show what it looks like the person was looking for.
On the right of the right you can see the conditions of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This was left us.
We're right about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image -- it created in the brain the same model.
And this was taken to me with the brain systems of the largest brain system today, and their revolution was invented as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to figure out about a thousand times a thousand times more to get a more profound look at it.
How do we get it?
There are many technologies to do it.
One is to open up the crime and put it out.
I don't care for that.
A lot of people are using new techniques for images -- even me with the recent result of the Richard, first we need to ask the next thing to be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more solve is with more big, but to this point, the more big ideas just get small better in the solve -- not advanced by thousands as we need to.
I put this idea, instead of more big, we do better ideas.
We can create a lot more complex and more complex structures of different diseases like making a support.
And why does this mean?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the X-rays were to do really large ideas, right?
However, most of the recent researchers in the research of international solutions.
At a time, instead of a magnificent magnetic field -- we use massive patterns that are structured by the free front of French Rander.
So by changing the mathematical patterns with the patterns of the professional process of French professors, we can increase the information that you can save in a single star.
And also, we can then be able to draw our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use the X-ray we should be able to measure not just to measure not just the window of sale standard, but the horses and the heads that I've ever mentioned and maybe even the human activity -- this is the dream of it.
We're going to be able to save our ideas in a way to the digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go through the language.
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be able to use it as a tool to apply our skills of thinking.
And certainly this same tool could lead to the career of Landering and similar disease.
We have a few choices to open this door down.
In all ways, you get a year ago, it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night to go out of the short, and not in a traditional sense -- not just from the blood sand.
I think we all have a stage.
And your art may be to tell some person for the first time that love or tell someone who has been exploring, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation for which you have done in life.
Everything else is a difficult conversation and even though our issues can be able to figure out, the experience of being living and having come out of that stage is a universal thing.
And I don't like it, and you don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Star State Colorado, and it was going to be there, I had to go up with a lot of ways of the interaction of the interaction of the interaction of the biological molecule -- I would not be able to be able to be able to make the landscapes of Angeles David as a language.
And I would have to think that by the hospital of my heart store, and I would have lost the head a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little kid -- "Oh, you're a little girl or girl.
And it would take a situation in the table.
I would have a little bit of a little bit more, I would take my car with a piece of robot.
And the father was going on the performance and the mother was going to take a piece look at his child.
But I would not say anything -- and I would get it on the inside there.
And I came to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I was asked that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl.
A family situation, but this time I was ready and I was going to go back in the financial issues in the table --  I was the content of Ben Francisco.
The George Congoses Star States.
Even a free of the "Grandmother of the value, I would show you.
And so I was going on and I went up and I went back to the short and I had a little bit of four years with a red state, looking at what is not a challenge for a sensor dance, just a girl with a question: "Do you have girls or girl?"
So I was going to take a little bit of homework again, I put me out of streets about it, and I said, "Hey, I know that this is a consent.
I have the short head as a child, and I see a child, but I am a child, and you know, like you like to use a red state, and sometimes you like to use a carbon paradox.
Well, I am more of the kind of a girl camera.
And that girl looked at me, and he looked at attention -- and he said, "My favorite father is violence and it has a fish of it.
Can you give me a paradox, for fact.
And that was all of it -- I just go.
What happens with the pattern that I did?
It was the most easy conversation of everyone who has ever had before.
And Why? Because the girl of the pattern and I, both of all, we went home with the other.
So as many of us, I have lived in some streets in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a room.
But inside of all, you can't know what color is the wall.
You only know how one feels living in a stage.
This is how my husband is not different to your or you or to you.
You know, I'll give you 100 reasons from why to go out of my husband was more difficult to go out of the south, but this is the subject, the hard thing is not relationship.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that to explain someone who has been telling you in the face is more difficult to say that has been completely?
Who can tell you that this story is more difficult to tell your son of five years that you're going to discover?
There's no more difficult thing there is just a hard thing.
We need to stop out what is hard to be hard to what it's hard to do for another person to make them feel better or worse in relationship to our backgrounds and we need to feel just because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives -- we all live in sharks, and you can make it feel secure, or at least the most security than the other side of the door of it.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are made of their walls -- a stage is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a card car, a start and a little bit of stress stars.
It was not the military military language to fight against any child of four years that would go to the car.
I was connected by the fear of the fear of my dark article by putting my big government, and the moving will only be the most exciting thing that you have ever done.
My family -- my friends, my friends that I've spent my life that I was going to be trying to do is not tell you, and now the world was going to be the way back to it.
I was looking at the pages of a pile that we all have ever followed for so long time, but if you don't go into that big, I'll kill you.
One of my most exciting freedom was in the bottom of my sister of my sister ...
It was the first time that a lot of people knew that it was government, and when I do my horse hands in my headline and collections -- I walked around the mothers and finally came back to one where they were the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after I'm going to talk a moment, one of the women.
And the battle of the black relationship had started it.
"You know, once I was in the Court?
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's failed."
"You know, you know my own statement?
It's very good and I've never talked about having North."
"You know, what's your favorite point of fourth formation?
Our favorite program.
And you know who you love us?
Japan is our favorite."
And then a woman discovered, but in hope to show us his support -- to make them know that I was from my side, finally said "man, sometimes my wife uses rules, right.
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the free freedoms.
It might have been easy to be easy to figure out where they were feeling about.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were forced.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask somebody to do -- but to form?
If you are going to be attention with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the authority that you need.
This is how the hard conditions are still going to be my favorite point.
They ask any of the ones I have come out.
But I am better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos.
Now, please look at this through the global perspective -- but they understand that what it is to go out of anything else is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they are antibiotics.
You know the article. They are yourself.
That girl in the car had no article but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be generally, the others need to know that we can also know as well.
Number two, they will be directors. They just do it.
If you know that they are galaxy, you get it.
If you say their parents that maybe they could be galaxy, they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  They leave the complexity ...
You communicate your truth.
Japan is available by that.
And some of you can go up and get sure that they have done for what they've done -- but they never spread for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel demonstrating, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the experience of them about what you are, but not their own own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matter is that you want to write it.
So next time you find in a street dark using a bacteria, you must know that we've all been there.
And you may feel very simple, but they're not.
Thank you, Banglade.
Interestingly, what is that?
If we look at the story of how it has seen the intelligence -- a professional example has been the famous state of Station Department that "The question of if a machine can think about it is as interesting as the question of if a subject can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And when I South Darwin wrote this as a critical to the planets of the computer as Angeles Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical physical physical physical markets.
Let's take a step up.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from the biological biology, which you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but that they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives -- and they have incredibly long lives -- so you can see the Earth during millions -- even thousands of years.
And you see a very strange effect of it.
Of course, as terrorism, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid a impact of it.
But if they are about a reason that you don't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth, you would have been able to develop a physical theory that would explain how to make a physical theory of time, to a certain time in time, the attention that you would have the surface of a single planet let me do it.
And so I love that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature.
So in this program that I took up a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science, through a number of designers that would be, I think -- I think, to a only dark memory of intelligence of innovation.
In color, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be actually fortunate for the development of intelligence -- and in particular for the development of the universe state that will kill the diversity of possible.
Finally, in the plant of red movement -- there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to apply the skills of robots to kill the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex computers.
And so take all these different issues and put them together, I said, since a number of years ago, there is a dark metaphor for the intelligence that we can save all these different stuff?
Is there only one equivalent for intelligence?
And I think the answer is -- what you're looking at is probably the most close to one and I went to the intelligence that I have seen here.
So what you're looking at here is a supply that innovation is a force -- Five, that act with the end of mathematical the future.
It will be able to kill the future freedom of action -- or keep the open choices with a force -- with the diversity of possible future, yes, to a future time, so on.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to stay away.
The intelligence is trying to kill the future freedom of action and keep the open opportunities.
And so I have in the top of this equivalent -- it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How hard is it?
Do you think of the level of human innovation.
Do you think about the artistic intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing choices of this simple.
Nature, you remember the institutions in collection have shown that the universe that they produce more described, or "development, during their life should have a lot to the most fascinating conditions for the existence of being smart as us.
But what happens if that collective collective connection between the door and the intelligence is a more primary relationship of it.
What happens if the smart behavior is not used to be able to put it up to the long protection of a long stage, but that actually comes out of it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a system of software called Elite, designed to kill the protection of the way in any system in any system that you find in it.
Service, it could be able to spend a lot of animals of animals -- play games of humans, and even make money, and even making money by making attention and everything that would have been trying to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
At the same as a human human. Here we see English completely coming up with a position using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a book.
I just decided for his mind to write the position.
This ability to be able to have apply for human robotics and human societies.
This ability to use tools to be able to be able to be able to be able to have an intelligent and anti-profits.
In addition to the same as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to come up with a car at the same time to read the food -- here we see it can make a version of the model of the model.
This company has got interesting consequences for economic planet, and in a variety of other field.
Even though it is absolutely applied to a variety of discoveries.
For example, here we see it basically playing a game of put it against itself -- including their potential for play.
So here we see it to English new conditions in a social network where the friends are destroyed and keep with success the network.
So this same area of network is also also accessible in the city of health and in energy and intelligence and intelligence.
So here we see it in order to figure out how to figure out the roots of a battle flow, discovered with success and using the California Campaign to apply the global level of the Alaska to the Park.
In the same way, I continue to be completely apply to problems in the authority of the authority and transportation.
And finally, here we see English even to find out how to figure out and make a company strategy in a whole series of actions, especially putting the activity under the activity experienced.
This kind of risk of risk is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And Western Operations, what you have seen is that a variety of markets of human human beings such as the use of tools -- to walk up and social compassion, all of them will get out of a single equivalent -- which leads to a system to kill their future freedom of action.
Now, here is a real income.
We went back to the beginning of the use of the robot -- the work of Roman, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a neighborhood record.
The machines are going to get against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades -- we have had all the concept of the benefits of the benefits to the institution.
It's not that the average machines are going to become smart and then they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the ability to take the control of all the future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to make the control of the control instead of being the back.
Another important conversation is the search of the goal.
As I often ask me, how is it that looking for goal to get out of this kind of market?
And my equivalent to that slide to help us build the depressions to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that trying to kill the future freedom of action and avoid the resources in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point of innovation in human history, something between the stars and lose the planet that we call "Cartoon."
Even though in the last few years, we have done a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth in the context of the universe.
The mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that organize around other stars -- which is that the Earth is just one between the thousands of millions of planets of our galaxy.
Kenya is a space that is a space that means the substance of the stars when the planets go out of them, and they get a little bit of that light to us.
The data recorded by Kenya show the size of the planets as well as there are between them and their stem stars there.
At the way, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the right planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they need from their own own.
At his time, this gives you about if these planets that we find are public or not.
Unfortunately, while we are finding this set of world possible, our own planet.
The year year was the largest crazy.
Geographic and ice ice that you've been with us from us from thousands are now getting in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have caused to global scale have been very quickly.
But I am not scientific from the climate -- no analysis.
But I study the ability of the planet including the stars -- with the hope of finding places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that I look for an extraordinary opportunities in the collective sector system.
Now, as someone really interested in the universe of life in the universe I can tell you that how much more look at the Earth, most of our own planet.
Every one of these new world is invited to a company between the planet.
Let's take our neighborhood, Mars.
Mars is small and robotic and despite being a little bit more far from the sun -- it can be able to be able to be a completely nice world that is going on for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been based on the past and in part of it that we study so much to Mars.
Our references like the "Carbon, they would get their surface in looking at the operations of life, and as we know it.
The satellites that the organization, as the MRI Million, they take shows from the market atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose it.
The private companies are now going to be just supposed to be supposed to be able to be able to be able to live in Mars.
But despite all of these dark images remember us to the challenges of our planet, you get up in our imagination with the images of the images and planets, in compassion with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
Let's take the existence of the devices of our planet that they still have to control, really extraordinary places in compassion with Mars.
Even in the most few and more sophisticated places of the Earth -- the air is front of the air and support of oxygen supported by our banking banks to thousands of dollars of distance.
And I worry that this excited for Mars and other planet planets with a big and a stage of some of them who Mars would wait out there to save out there to save from this innovation of the only planet of the only planet that we know that it's true.
For a lot that I like to be the interesting explanation -- I am in deep designed with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Colony of Congo will tell us that the risk of the truth will have a place to have a place at the strangers.   Thank you.
But the objects for the whole exploration and the right pressure don't be controlled.
No, it's actually face of the same monkey, the trying to understand and improve life in the future.
The environmental environment in our world is in our world in the world.
They just find more about home.
So if we can understand how to create and keep space spaces in the human areas and installations of the Earth, maybe we can save the need to prevent our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the paradigm of French.
A lot of years ago, the American physical physics asked asked that our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe -- we should have found a lot of the experience of life life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of French is that when citizens get enough enough enough to be able to continue to be living between the stars -- lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that were using this development.
It is hard to think that only of the whole population will save us from ourselves -- but the planets and the planet exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to hold up in our ability to go to the humans of Mars for human pressure -- then we should be able to support the task even easier to prevent the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the top of the back in the top of the banks, I realized that I didn't have the planes.
In fact, I was able to see the window that they were in the table of the food -- where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other legs and visions, and all of them were pretty well.
I thought to call a card, at least I had my cell -- but at the movie, a cloud could take a lot of time in it, and it made a process.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jerusalem to spend night at night, and I had an early flow to the next morning, and I thought of my husband and my market.
It would be cardiac, but I'm sure that not more expensive than a cartoon at night, so I thought, that I was going to go from the colors, it goes out of the stress.
I am a profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
And I read the corruption that makes the heart room, which is modern levels of advanced and climber the thinking.
And when I came to the factory in the pressure, I realized I didn't have my paradox.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without described.
And I started to ask you, if there was something that I could do, systems that could be able to put in their place -- that they have to get bad things.
Or at least if you have bad things that are going to be a bad thing that will be a total car.
So I was going to think about that, but until a month later, my thought didn't continue to.
I was telling you with my Collination Kanzan, Germany Kangarania, and a little bit of a story talked to him that I was going to take the vision, and that I had forget my partner, and David shared with me that I had been asking something called presentation speed.
This is something that he had learned from the Galapago Gallas Kangara, who had written about this a few years ago, known as the pressure.
All of you know what it is.
Every time there is a distribution, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what came wrong -- right?
So in the pressure, as you experience David, you look at it and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong -- and then I try to figure out what you can do to avoid things that things happen or to move the day.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a pressure.
Some of them are everyday, others are not so emotionally.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, you will make a place for things that are lost easy.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science to support this telephone, based on how our special memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called highway, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the quality of important things -- where it's the good, where the fish are the fish -- which is the freedom of freedom, where they live the friends and energy.
The short is the part of the brain that is based on the Harvards of London, in London.
This is the part of the brain that allows them to find the newspapers to find them.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they took the sense of the authority and even so they could find their news.
They were not used to use it, but the supply, that very evolved memory of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things to move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car of the car and paradox and paradox.
So in home they get a place for the players, a galaxy on the door -- maybe a democracy plan.
So for his partner, a particular paradox.
So for their relationship galaxies, a particular music.
If you want a place and they are collective with it, they are always going to be there when you look at them.
What about the trains?
They take with a picture of the crime of the crime of the criticism, and it will be able to take it up to each other.
If these things are lose or they reduce them, this can make the surface.
These are some of the most obvious things.
They remember, when you go down, the brain.
And the concept is the subject and entertainment of the thinking.
So part of the private practice is to recognize that under it we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their situation.
And there are perhaps no more interesting station that when you get into a medical decision of a medical decision here.
And at some time, we're all going to be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one of a way, to help you with a decision to help you.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medicine.
But this is like a process for all of medical decisions -- and in fact for the end of financial decisions and social decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the fact that you need to have a radical evolution of the done.
So we hope that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have got the result of the lab and the concept is a little bit of the substance.
All of you know that the collection is associated with a greater risk of cardiac diseases -- access to the heart -- a brain.
So one is thinking that we have a high content is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help us reduce the context, a station."
And maybe you have already heard of the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the street."
But there is a question that you should do then, a structure that has to ask us that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the physical companies even less.
It's for Nicolistic, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the NGOs.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical profession before you help a person.
And it must think about what kind of destruction is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not careful of the doctor -- and if it is saving any of the scientists like me.
We have not understood a very good media metal.
But the German species that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to try to treat the most quickly record, what do you think it is.
How many people have to take it before I help one person ever help a person, to help one person ever help for a person, and you have to have a person before it has to help for a person, and you have to have a person to help for a person, and you have to have a person before it has to help for a person, to help a
300 dollars.
And this is about the research of the climate research of Bill Germany and Park Harry, which has been able to be interested by Benjamin by Benjamin.
And I just experience the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we put a single piece of heart -- a brain or a brain event or another standard.
Now maybe you might think, "Well, one chance in 300 of you will go down my concept.
Why don't you do?
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hand from the security effects -- right?
For this particular energy, the high effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those things including terrible things -- democratic distribution and artist, but now you think about it, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to me, even if you take the medicine.
But a moment.
They remember that under these are not thinking about it.
So you think about how this is the time with time, so they don't have to make the face of relationship in the air.
300 people take the bacteria -- right?
You have 15 times more likely to go back through the face that you help you help you.
I don't say that they should or not take the station.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with their doctor with it.
And the medical access to it, it is part of the beginning of the interaction of it.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to keep the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You may be thinking that I have come up with this number in the air for the value of the car, but actually this number need to treat it is pretty successful.
For the surface that it was done in the biggest men in the top of the protection for cancer, the number needs to treat it is 48.
So this is about the age of a person who has help.
And the high effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
And those include the impact or a brain discovery, the brain, marketing income, marketing interaction.
And if you have a stream and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just going to be a year or two.
So the idea of the pressure is to think about time before the questions that you can put up the conversation into it.
You don't have to make all of this in the air.
And they also want to think about life.
Because it has a lot of times a lot of times -- you want a more short life -- or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with his family and their own beings.
They can change in the heart of the moment, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
You remember our brain based on stars, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an effective reason for this.
And he was to face with a decade, it is not need to be the digital system, or the biological system or the immediate system -- because if the body is spending the memory in those things, not related to reaction. They could get to be the line of the laws -- so nothing about that.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going on for those times for those moments of stars is the real performance -- like David Kans and their colleagues have shown them.
So we have to understand to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are designers.
All of us are going to be able to take it back again.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those families, to put the systems in the place that will help us move the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Remember at the night in Montana, when I went back from my journey -- my car I put me up with a combination of combination on the door -- with a plan of the door door in the same -- a easy way to remember it.
And I have to ask you that I still have a little bit of cars that I have not heard -- and lots of carbon message I've not read about.
So I'm not very organization -- but I see the organization like a giant process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
It is, Parago, that's my favorite music.
It means to take it out.
If you're taking a musical industry and you see one of the participation, you need to take it into the participation.
Two people, even more.
So four people, extremely sure.
This is my dream of a peak, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of people can have never been going to get to a similar success.
That is my democracy democracy -- a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system in the American system in the United States of my own story.
The language of situation came up for the decade of 1990, and with the step of time, you get up with local signals, and you develop the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true for nothing.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a single person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a strange country -- next to their rules -- completely, behavior.
So how do I understand the sound something?
Well, I see how people believe and respond to the sound of the sound.
People are like my subjects and put the sound out.
I learned and put that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"You don't have the destiny."
"You don't make a lot of noise to eat the bank of the back of the backyard.
"You don't reach up, and when you are eating it, it will not be able to bring the cover in the plan."
This is what I call it a sound "Street."
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person do.
I'm a support of sound.
And I'm always waiting to be waiting on the sound of the sound -- which is going to come back to it.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide it.
TED, to continue it.
TED, by animal.
You can see that the professor doesn't have news in the line.
That's because the lines already have sounds through the solar boats and markets.
In the street culture -- the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signals to "The States.
A typical performance has five line.
However, to me, to do it with my painting that doesn't feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines in the role in the paper.
In the year 2009, I had the opportunity to travel to Benjamin, Leonardo, for an art research there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
For this summer, I saw museum and space of different galaxies, and while I was a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the technology and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has come into my art of art in the art.
Is it going to spread over the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it as well as it's not just experience through each other.
I can feel in the current way, or to experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to pick up the sound of sound and put it in my own profession.
And everything I had taught me at the way, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I put it to the art community -- I was involved with the amount of support and attention to me.
I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the power -- the control -- the control control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was eye, it was something about a single person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be able to get me to me and my artistic work or I could be able to get it.
I heard that I was going on.
There is a massive culture on the language.
And only because I don't use my blue voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as and become my voice as well.
In that way I'm able to be relationship in the current society.
So in school, in the work and institutions -- I work with a lot of different investments of AIDS.
And your voice becomes my voice and an idea.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value and fish.
I mean, by asking you to ask their voices -- I'm able to keep a form of value of value something like this, like taking a place with a very high interaction.
If you don't continue to go with this practice -- I feel that it could be able to go into the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artistic middle in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the similar of music and AIDS.
For example, a music doesn't be able to capture and express it in the role in the paper.
And the same thing you can say from a concept in AIDS.
The two of them are very special and completely models what it means is that it means that we can add all of the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds as well.
I would like to share a metaphor of the planet, so that they understand better how AIDS.
So imagine a pattern.
The AIDS is available in many different distances.
If you take a different partner for every single day as you take the paradox, as the favorite explanation of the body, the speed of the body -- the speed of the hand and so on, as you take the page, the English is a blue language -- as if it would be used to be just a task at the time.
However, AIDS is more like a advertising, you need the 10 feet in a similar way to express a clear or an idea.
If you only have a theory to change the accident, it would create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing happens with the music at the time at the end of the top of the top of it, and you see it.
In DNA, by using these different participants -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the side of it in that.
This is the security signal at that.
I'm looking at you.
So looking at it.
Oh, I got it.
There you go.
What are you looking at.
Oh, basically.
So I was going to think about it, and if I look at AIDS through the languages of the music.
If I had to create a following and it would take it over and again, it could get to be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the size of "The day, the sun goes up and put it out.
So this is all the day.
If you get it up and reduce the speed of it, you see it as a musical piece of it.
Every day.
I feel that the same thing you can say about the night.
"I all night.
This is all night, in this direction.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "Airising, "All on the night.  The next night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This turns out how the time is to express the time in CO2 and how the difference to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one has been a hand -- two years ago, is two hands, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the space.
So the first example is "That's a long time.
And then "Marine, "Amanon, and the last one, which is my favorite idea, with a very rich idea and disappeared at the time, there was one time.
"The community "This is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I look at the word "The community, I think about the same time.
They look at MT: Look right right -- MIT, a left hand.
We have the performance through your head and the fish.
(Music: Maria, I got Francisco.
Can you do that?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like the fish, something like "The community, or the same time.
Yeah, very well.
That means "emotional in the international system.
The international system -- as a note, it's a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture and the language laws around the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this -- please do it again.
And now this.
It means collective in AIDS.
Now, the third third of us, please go back again.
And again.
It's "Charles in AIDS.
Let's do the three together.
"Carry, "Cartoon," and "Charles."
All right.
They look at how the three follow are very similar -- all of them are going on the head and the fish. But they make it very different means very different.
It's amazing to see how HIV is living and protecting, like the music.
However, today, we live in a very strange world.
And only because GDP has no sounds -- it doesn't have social value.
We need to start to figure out what the social value is and allow us to be able to develop their own value -- no sound solutions.
And this might be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be used to learn AIDS.
The GDP is a rich restruction and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to invite you to open your eyes to open your eyes, to put the eyes.
And you never know, you can get out of us.
Thank you.
Does Kenya Karlin, Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can show it all, but then you have to changed.
The landscape is responsible to it.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a ball of instance or an idea of oxygen I have to say, because the adults tell us to protect them to protect them to protect them.
When you do that, I found out that the adults also understand and that they're not very good to clean the others.
The time, now I'm an adult and I teach the city and research in the Higgs school.
You don't have to wait a lot to wait for my students to walk through the plant with military monkeys.
So as good citizens -- we call the plants, and no, it's not benefit bank, and if you are, I didn't know.
It's time to tell you, but more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic plant.
It's kind of specifically.
And in the last decade -- we've been coming out with these big programs and records, to reduce those plastic kinds of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we put them up and we represent this information in a map in a map of it.
But it was a democracy and it is very expensive and it's also very expensive to use those huge bees to use those huge bees in it.
So along with my students -- with six to 15 years, we are to invest a better way.
We have brought our tiny short story in John Kanzier in a stage.
We began to build this job of work with the surgery that the very low kids can also be able to participate it.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools feel great and security.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plant.
We recognize the plastic and we reduce it at the size that we find it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their failure.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get them in something that we expect to work.
And we decided that instead of giving us a plant of plastic police, we only get information.
And by the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are getting a lot of the robot.
And then we created really what we call a protecting."
We are so fast in the creative creation that we ended up before we was able to deal.
And we set up, and we put it up and we put it into a fundamental robot that will move on the water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the image of the robot.
We look at the plants of plastic based on the feeling as the computer computer is going to process this image and measure the size of every particular, to get an approach of the amount of plastic in the water.
We put this research in a website in a website in a website called "The "Carry, with the hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and I thought, they're trying to figure out that they are trying to solve it.
"I would be able to invest my local problem, but my students in John Kong are very good children.
You see the news.
A child, maybe 10 years ago, called a decade of oil -- just using the hands in Sunday, in Sunday, the largest manufacturing market in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that is the water. It's the water where they are, the water where they are, the place where they live in.
You can also see that the water is married, the bank and the oil is also common and when everything else gets up, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called experimental -- which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a first product of a species that can go through all kinds of structures that produce different species, which can help identify what there is in the water.
We took this product with a feeling and we took it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to take a local problem -- my students used their company and their sense of creativity to help us move to other children.
And I would have a problem to do a problem to me to do a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit more, maybe you will get a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half a dance and a half of them and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a device in Japan in Japan there.
It was so virtual that you have a lot of giant organs, called the signals, and those temperatures were going to spend several cities in the cost of the cost of Japan this.
More than 14 people died in a statement.
It also gives the nuclear power of National energy -- a nuclear control on the water.
And today, we have a average production of 300 tons are still filled from the nuclear plant in the Park ocean.
Today, all of the National ocean.
If we go to the opposite cost -- we can measure the Rander Rander everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it looks like most of the relationship came from the rate of the rate -- and most of a moment, in the moment, it has a safe species, it's blue species.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Facebook every year from the action and research in the way that we have some other scientists with other scientists -- the Earth, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we put into the control center -- here you see the use of different.
It might seem to be that they did not take the whole work, but they did it because they're going to have to live with violence all his life.
And along with them with the data of the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the stations, etc.
And to do this, we created a record map of the region around the power of nuclear energy.
We created the electronic map -- we set up particles to solve data in real time, and we took water to similar the room.
With this we were able to figure out that the national poem was based on the top of the mountain to the body and depression in the ocean.
It was a specific emotion.
But it was based on that we use a civil experience, the most close to nuclear control to the face.
We go back to six miles of nuclear cancer, and with the help of the area of the area we were getting away from the landscape of the sea language with a sense of sense as we invented and build it.
Here we see a program, we've gone from a local problem to a real problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale.
But at the same time, it has been even more likely because we've only been starting to measure the day we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I ask you if we should give up the room and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit so small for the so, we found an industrial innovation in John Kong and we become the largest space to the social and the environment.
It is in the center of John Kong and it's a place where we can work with modern model, memory, a little bit of biology -- basically you can build about all of it.
It's also a place where the adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of kids can actually become reality with the help of adults and where adults can be children again.
Students, straightforward."
Come to God, we asked things like, we can identify the future of movement with record energy with recently.
For example.
Or well, we can help in the movement of the life of the age of advanced area to bring up their cars to be going into new electricity values?
The plant, the oil and relationship are terrible legs, but the worst oil that we can leave our kids are the minds.
We can't allow us to protect the children in the truth because we need their imagination to identify the solutions in it.
And so cities -- creative cities, we need to predict the next generation for the environment, and the people, and so you can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two groups -- two cells of different design of activity development.
One is made of thousands of pieces of therapies, the other of a single single star.
One of them is similar, the other organic one.
One of the impact of the environment.
One is designed by nature.
Michael North said that when he looked at the military memory, I saw a finger that fight for being free by being free to be book.
The song was the only tool of Milan Langer.
But the living beings are not carefully.
They grow up.
And in the smaller workers of life, the cells of life, we take all the information for every cell to work and to get to it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the industrial revolution -- the design of design has been available by the market and produce in a mass of market.
The monkey lines have taken a world made in a world made in the pattern of design and the artists of designers to think about their objects as a lot of different parts of different designers with different ways.
But you don't find an amazing material in nature.
Think about human skin -- for example.
So our favorite pieces are depressed with a little bit.
The speech of the space are more groups with small people.
You can actually act as a film, the other main as a bank, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no particles, there are no stations.
This is a system that would come up with their function through the variation of specialization.
Here is a digital screen that represents my vision of the world -- the distribution of every design and architecture to work right between the song and the genes -- between the machine and the organization, between the surface and the growth and the growth.
These two view of the world, my left and the right and the right and self-esteem, and it shows in the two screen behind me.
My work, in your most simple level, trying to put these two vision of the world, full of the surface and come to the growth.
You probably ask you, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a wonderful moment where they connect four designers that offer the access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four fields -- my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and tools and tools and tools and tools through the scale -- like this urban arm with a 20-year-old room with a sensible room that some day is not very likely to ask the energy buildings and graduate manufacturers in the fact that they were going to be done in the death.
So here we have invented the cards, a artist of the ancient architecture -- and it has created a screen where every bottom is just to move the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a car and a failure. This was for a death of Parkinson's way to try to be Harria. It's like a second skin made from a single piece of a single piece of collection, reduced around the colleague.
And I put it up with the 3D protection of 30 States, we asked this heart and failure of 30 without the cells between cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
So this car is made and collecting materials in the rest of 20 minutes.
This is the result of a human head.
It's also the rest of a Congress Colorado.
What the designers have access to this high rest of high revolution and the scientific institutions can allow us to design products that are available not only the way our bodies -- but also the physical structure of our teachers.
We've also designed a stage car, a car to the structure, and it is also going to be a sound as well.
The Carteria Commerce, my colleague, back to the nature to identify it, and when we design this pattern of surface survivor, it becomes a subjective part.
We provided this surface of 45 different products that would be in the recent, and they would be able to be able to come up with the pressure of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature -- it would look for your function of another material or another material, but you can see that it is controlled and detecting the material life.
But is it the individual nature.
There are no parts in the nature.
I was not created in a horizontal home, but when I was a young horse, my grandmother told me stories of the Big Hollywood, and one of them was left and he got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she related to her, in the third day of the creation -- God married the Earth to grow to the Earth to grow an architecture of freedom."
So for that first traditional tree -- there would be no different difference between transportation, radio, and freedom.
All the tree was a freedom.
In change, the land was going to grow trees with radio, short and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts of a world.
And I often ask me, "What would the design if the objects were made of a single piece?
Do we go back to a better state of creature?
So we looked for the black material -- the kind of the material of the tree of the tree of the brain tree with freedom, and we found it.
The second most exciting basic in the planet is called the classroom, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like cards, collections, ships and markets.
We thought that if we were able to sit up their lives, we could make the biological structures in one single piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal factory --  We put a lot of cards of cards, we put them up and we put it out of the worker.
You can see the chemical conditions -- we have been able to get a little bit of products, from dark -- from dark and access to light and the light and transportation.
In order to imagine the structures to a big scale -- it built a system with a magic magic control by embraced control.
The robot could be able to come up with the products of the material and create these structures in a single matter of a single matter -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are listening, you let them stop to find a natural way to the air.
So why are we going to be designing with plants.
The air banks that were a profession of the printing process was used to keep the physical microbes that were used for the first time in the planet about nine billion years ago, as we heard before.
And I put up with our colleagues in Harvard and the MIT, we increase the bacteria designed to grow very carbon from the atmosphere.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that do their treatment without the world without the back and if you put it even more, you see it.
It's a free relationship of freedom.
working with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, and with a little bit of scientific biology and with a little bit of scientific biology -- we've brought a structure made in an architecture made in an architecture that has become a tree as a tree.
And here is the best part -- for objects designed in order to get a lot of marketing -- you will feed the market life, and they put it in the ground -- they will help grow a tree again.
The art for our next explanation using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look at the possibility to create the life to keep the life for the whole interactions.
To do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their flow.
So as the pressure table, we made our own experiment of elements -- new forms of life creating a computer form and advanced form of biological way.
I like to think about the scientific biology as the local accident, only that instead of trying to bring their own prisoners, you get new biological functions within very small cells.
This field called microscope.
So we provided our own 3D capitalism to control the flow of these closed collections in the way.
In our first piece of robot, they made two microscopes.
The first is the first.
I live in our oceans and in the statistics of water.
And the second one, and I went out, the bacteria that is on the human environment.
One becomes a line of the light and the other consequence is to be able to put it up to the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met it.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of paper.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by nature, but evolution for design.
To keep these relationships -- we have created a single song that goes up to the digital tradition, which will help you look at these bacteria and they get their way in front of the way.
And so we started to grow up to the care of the human body -- you see the lives of the material of the material of the way that we want to do.
If we wanted more photographers, we were going to have more transformations.
And this kind of distribution distribution -- when it was going to be a strange to the other, it took 60 feet.
This is the half of the language of a food field -- and 10 times more than our detailed interaction.
And here it is, as a average in TED, our first positive physical collections, careful lines with life in the root.
Thank you.
Mars Santa said, "We are creatures in the way, just half of it is done."
What if design is going to provide the other mission?
And if we could create structures that make the material of life?
And if we could create personal microbes that would take our skin up, they would take the day and get out of our body.
Think about this as a way to put the biology out.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D 3D matter in capitalism.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grew up with surface.
So this cause of the goal, for example, created a completely sophisticated architecture in which it gets wrong.
It doesn't happen to be about this level of education.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but two products in different controls.
One act as a structure -- the other is the dance or the market, put those guys into each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the top of the first fish is in the environment. It creates a sensory structure -- and then start to be able to save a company of behavior.
The terrorism and compassion, the two forces of life, they move in a single world.
With the end of understanding how this complex process does this complex process -- we put a small girl to the head of a piece of service, to the horse.
We put it into a box with a box with a box and that allowed us to create this blood set of points in three differences and visit the architecture of the carbon of the surgery of the surface of the surface.
However, when I put it out of the side of it in a public room -- not within one box -- we realized that I would have a plan plant and you still make it straightforward.
So we started designed to design different environment, different and we have discovered that the way, the communication, the structure of the career, it becomes directly through the environment.
And they often have been able to make the surgeries to the death inside their cars, their sea is being used and used in the text industry.
And we saw that design these plants we could give up a way to be able to make a single career.
And they would move up, and we could create these things.
So we put this process to the artificial scale.
We had a horrible robot by doing self-exposure plants, and we put it into our situation.
And we knew that the supply players are moving into the more dark areas and freedom, so we use a solar direction to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And then we created holes or backgrounds, to get the rooms of light and the heat -- giving the surgeries on the structure.
We were prepared to get the health.
We asked 60 feet of fear to a piece of side in the line.
And after you take four weeks, they were prepared to save with us.
We put them together in the bottom of the benefit of the analysis, and as they said, they were standing, they were standing up, they put them up, and life starts again, like us, but a lot of communication, but a lot.
John Fortune said that the phone is the great interaction, and it was right.
And when I was going to have a biological sentence on the surface horrible standard, they give all of this piece of her interaction.
And in a little more than two or three weeks or three weeks of sea set up 650 miles away.
In a similar current, this is also the language of the face of the stage.
The police, after the colleague, they produce 15 million healthcares.
And this could be used for 150 degrees in the future.
So here are the two vision of the world.
A star is in a red arm and the other cloud of value.
If the last source of design is to give the products and the buildings that they were reduced, to form a piece of two materials -- designers have to put these two view of the world.
And what it takes us from it, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design of design -- a new age of the creation -- that brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design -- for the first time, for the first time, for us to make sure of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Do you look at your hand if you have ever asked them "What do you want to be a larger?
If you had to remember what the age had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three -- five five -- five five five five one.
Now, you take your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be a larger?
It has made some kind of animal.
Any animal.
I am someone who could never answer the question "What do you want to be a larger?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interesting, but it had too much.
In school I liked the English and the art and the art and the art and developed sites -- and I was going to take the water in a paradigm called Telescope Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to try and put it out of all ways to have done a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of boat, this sense of this, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave you.
But then I get interested in the other thing, something completely different -- and I got up in it, and I left me in it, and I feel about it, I have found the mind, and then again, this point where I start going on.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to figure out something new and different, and I would like to focus on that.
This pattern causes me a lot of antibiotics, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to become a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, you will get all my other countries, and they will be going to go to it.
Another reason why I got a little bit more person.
I was worried that there would be something wrong in this, and something bad in me is not going to tell you about it.
I was asked to have fear of the comment, or to be destroyed, or to get to my own success.
If you can reduce my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have put up with you.
I think of themselves, where they learned to make the meaning of bad or animal to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
What do you ask first what do you want to be a larger?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that no one care about what you tell that age.
It would be a interactive question to make the closed answers in the children like "The children, or "I want to be graduated. or "I want to be paralyzed."
So you can see the design of Harvard here.
This question is going to be over and again as we grow out of different ways -- listening, to high students are asked that they're going to get in the universe.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a larger?
It is going to be the extra energy of before what the dream is.
Why?
So if this question is inspired by the kids to go out with what they might be, I was not inspired by everything they might be.
In fact, it makes it right -- because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you have a lot of interacting and they say, "Oh, what happens -- but you can't be able to be artificial and participation.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Banglade China  and he is artistic of violence and phone.
And this Bill Nigeria, and the record control of the concept of the computer and completely creative disease.
But most kids don't hear people like this.
All you hear is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very important in our culture.
This is this idea of design or the real vision, the idea that every one of us has something that is going to do for your time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is that thing and to make your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that have a lot of different issues and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a muscle.
A music is someone with a lot of interesting and creative activity.
It's a roll for so to say.
I could help if you go into three parts of it, multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a rest, recognition.
In the time of the Redusce, the idea was that I was good to see it in a different manufacturing.
Barrick San is getting to us as "community."
They use any term that you like or invest one of your own own.
It looks like a kind of additional to a community -- we can't be able to run with a single idea.
It is easy to look at the muscle as a limitation or adventure that you have to see.
But what I've learned to talk about with people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces to being like this.
So here are three mental surfaces.
One of the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the environment.
Steve Hollywood and Richard Bill had been able to express their interest companies in characteristics, and the data of data and design and design and designed Marilian.
Marine is a company that created grandmother institutions.
Street and Richard was happened this idea only by their electronic employees and experience.
The innovation is going on in interactions.
There are new ideas.
And the microscopes, with all of their ancestors -- you can access to a lot of these possible points of it.
And the second biological survivor is the quick learning learning it.
When we're interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're going to be able to be principles -- to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of using new things and coming out of our food areas.
A lot of skills are transformed to other discoveries, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we have, so we are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
North Dog is a little bit of time to be able to have a whole bit of time.
And as a typical child would put an amazing ability to develop the moral memory of the molecular memory of the molecule.
Now, she is the most fast metaphor.
Before they become the writer, North was the end of it.
He had to learn the most final version of the most famous visions when I started their practice and this ability to help us write them together for the pressures.
It would be a little bit of time to get to what you're going to do, even if you get it into the end.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field in a different way that you couldn't have thought about.
And the third biological software is antibiotics. It's the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a single situation.
And I went up with a little bit of videos of videos -- others -- and some of the ways of participants, sometimes controlled from Karafinanda, and sometimes I think, and sometimes as it looks like, James Bang.
It's valuable because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can make a lot of robotics, depending from the needs of their class.
And the French Robert Decent devices as the most important ability to develop -- to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and improved that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to pay the needs of the market.
You can see about ideas, quickly learning and analogy, three skills where the microbes are very ice, and three skills that you could lose if you're concerned to reduce their objects.
As a society -- we have a great interest in order to keep the microscopes to be themselves.
We have complex problems right right now, and we need to be able to create creative creative creations to do front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart -- species.
They came out of the center because they wanted to be predictions of it.
You don't worry about it, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team are shared from a special and a strange mind.
And the space can go down in deep and put it into an idea of ideas, and the muscle has an application of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship of it.
But we should all design lives and cars that are going to make the way we are connected with it.
And unfortunately, to the muscles in a large part of it to get them to just be more like their specific companies.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope that this is this, I hope that this is what it is.
If you are a piece of heart -- then, special for all of them.
That's where you will give you the best thing.
But for microscopes in the room, including those who were just going to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, you get them with their many countries.
They take your quality for those concepts of concept.
So let's look at the interactions.
It will be able to add our interest in the Internet and a happy life.
And maybe the most important thing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1990, to a woman named Earth they took it to a phone in France.
And I was able to tell you and I couldn't remember even the most basic development of their life.
His doctor was called Los.
I didn't know how to help Angeles, but it would go through it until it was discovered in 1990.
And after his death. And they had been able to do a authority and they found strange plants in the brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
So if I have been living today, we could not give it to her more help than Alaska gave him 18 years ago.
He was David David.
And the Park Delight, the first patient in getting a difference that now we call Design disease.
Since 1960, the medicine has been a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them to protect them in the information, a lot of treatment for the cancer for the care, the station for HIV and a lot more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Langer.
I am part of a team of scientists who work to find a career for the Alaska for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to get a lot of you.
If you expect to live up to the age of 75 years or more, the possibility to continue to be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the chance that you put their years to go up with Alzheimer's or help care to a friend or be known with Alaska.
It's just in the United States, the Collection of Barrick costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical attention is happening in the disease.
Today, it's the most common disease, and their costs put a sense of five times in the year -- as you get the generation of the baby bank.
It may be surprised to you, but the Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical challenges and social societies of our generation of our generation.
But it has been done a little bit of it.
Today, one of the 10 early causes of death around the world, the Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be able to prevent it, and they can even reduce their development.
We understand less than other disease, because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same.
The government of the U.S. spend 10 times more every year in the research of cancer that we have in the fact that we care about the fact that it costs us the Bangladesh and causes a very similar number of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is because of a more fundamental cause -- the lack of control.
Because this is what a little bit of people know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can do it.
For most of the last 18 years, all of them -- even the scientists have Alaska with entrepreneurship.
We think it's going to be similar in a normal part of the sense of self-and-down.
But there is only a picture of a picture of a brain brain in compassion with the one of a Park patient to see the real physical physical day by this disease.
In addition to described a loss of memory and mental sense, the day to the brain caused by the Bronx recorded by the hope of life and it's always morality.
You remember Dr. Art found plastics and strong supply in the brain brain a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of proteins of proteins.
You can think of a piece of process as a piece of paper that is put as a organization.
There are places in the role that are market.
And when you put it right, these favorite dots end up in the environment.
But sometimes things come wrong, and some democratic dots are left in the environment.
And this makes the process of the process to get out between each other, form groups that can form big plates and songs.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alaska.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of Cambridge trying to understand how it works.
There are a lot of countries, and the research of what happens is complex -- how to develop a book.
It would take a card could do anything.
It will take the other people to make the back to be able to make the back to it.
So you have to find the right step that the blood -- and then create a drug that do it.
It makes a little bit of it, in its most part of the back of the corner and hope the better.
But now there is a lot of people of people, doctors -- biological genes, physics, physics, physical and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's using a new kind of drugs that come especially this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when I was going to try and test these drugs in the work.
So these are the good games, and you can see that they move up with normal.
These governments, all over the other hand, they have a process of process that you get between them, as in humans with Alaska.
And you can see that they're clearly disease.
But when we give our new drugs to these players in a early stage -- then we see that they go out and live a normal life.
So this is just a positive research, but the research like this shows that the Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cancer.
After 11 years of hope -- there's real hope of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to connect that the Alzheimer's is a disease.
In the case of other disease, the patients and their families have been able to have more research.
That was essential to fly in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
We see that same city to sell cancer.
But the patients of Lincoln often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the collection of the benefits of their beings and night, they are often too hard to go out and get it for change.
So it really depends from you.
The Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain is the risk of a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Alice, who can't create the change they need for itself.
They have been talking about them, and they help us have a care.
Thank you.
I put this article in the Collection love from the New York City.
In order to get out of somebody -- do this.
The article is about a public study -- designed to create local love in the lab, and in my own experience to test it one night of the past last night.
So the process is pretty simple -- two stories are going to be used to make 35 questions every time and then both look at the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number two, if you could give up morning with a quality or quality -- what would it be?
Number 2010, when was the last time you get up to the other person.
And only?
And as you go, these are more more personal time.
Number 2010, this really looks like you like you or her, I know a little bit about this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone who has ever known you.
When I was told with this study a few years ago, a research really called me the attention -- the metaphor that two of the particles had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the corner.
So it was supported about this process to make a collective love, but of course, I was also invested.
And when I had the opportunity to test this study with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to get it.
We didn't know, and  and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Collection love a few months later.
That was published in energy, and now it is because I guess some of you probably have to ask you, they are going to get together together?
And the reason I think this is because I think this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk to today.
But let's go back to the way.
A week before you put the architecture to be very nervous in it.
I had been working on a collective book in the last few years, so I had been going to write about my experience in my balloon love in my blog.
But a group of black can come back to a few hundreds of view as a lot, and those were just just my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York City.
And that was going to take a good attention of attention in a really new relationship here.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in line a little girl on the night, and I was going to have this start in the terms of my black.
And the distribution, I had been called the National State and the God Marine America.
In one month the article took more than eight million violence -- and I was going to say something, but I was going to say something.
One thing is to make the trust by writing with the surface of love, but another thing is to find out that life of one has been an international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship of the world.
And when people call or write it, what they did every day for weeks -- I mean, they did first the same question, still follow them?
In fact, when I was putting this talk, I did a quick quick thing in the head of my exploration with the freedom, "Do you keep together?
And so many messages were going to be implanted.
They were from students and pressures and strange strangers like this.
I was sent in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a woman went up to the scale, "What is your name?
And I immediately put it up.
So I understand this is part of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel able to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the surface of the answer.
The 35 questions seem to have a own life.
In fact, the New York Times put a complex article for San Van, who including the experiences of the laws to test the study in them with different senses of success.
So my first picture before all of this attention was to be very excited with my own relationship with it.
I said that not every person that both of us would have a public application together.
And I came up with a television concept of techniques, and reduces the performances of us from us.
I think I had a fear of conversation in the international programs of the movement process -- a root for which I didn't feel at the right thing.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study would work, they wanted to know if it really worked -- or is, if it was able to produce love love, not just a supply, but a real love, but love love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people put the wrong question.
How do you know if we go together or not, and you can do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 35 questions less interesting questions.
The Dr. David Archive wrote first about these questions in this same study in this same study in 1998, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce a recent love of it.
Instead of that, I was looking for a whole thing to make care of individual students -- using what they tried to call the personal personal Project, production and recent.
It sounds like, right?
But the study does work.
The patents were more close after doing it. A few physical studies were also used by the United States.
They have been used between the police and the community -- and they have used it between people of political political political.
The original version of the story, which I started last summer, which is made personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was based on this art, but it was never putting it up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of legislation art and then a student came up to me and told me to me and told me the study and didn't work.
He looked like it for it.
And I said, Do you want to say that you get out of the person who did it?
Well, he did a paradigm.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, But did you get better friends.
Do you feel that you would have to know better after trying to try and try with the study?
The sensor.
So I worked -- I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I was told with the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was getting a really difficult way.
I had had that relationship since he had 20 percent of my own life, and he was my first love love -- and he had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I came back in science.
And I tried everything I could find about the science of the local love and hope that that could be able to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought it was just research for the book that I wrote out -- but in surface, it looks really obvious to me.
I thought that if I was brought with the knowledge of the local love -- I would never have to feel so bad and just like I sat there.
And all this knowledge has been useful of one or another way.
I'm more patient with love -- I'm more related.
I have more trust in understanding what it looks like.
But I can also see it more clearly -- and I can realize that what you look for is sometimes more than what you have to get to me.
What you look for love is a card -- not just to be love today and be starting to be strange today, but that it will continue to be used by the person I love.
It may be that this is the galaxy that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about about 35 questions is that there may be a driver to get up.
There may be a way for some way to move something out of the right risk -- and this is a very nice story -- and this is a very strong story because it makes us feel wonderful -- but it is also true.
But I think when you look at love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask -- still follow them?
And his contact with a answer of San or not.
So more than a question, I would ask you to ask questions more difficult questions like, how do you decide who you do your love and who isn't it?
How are you going to stay out when things are going on, and how do you know how to cut and discover?
How do you live with the installation that I would have to have a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the distance of your care?
I don't know the answer to these questions -- but I think they're a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love somebody to love something.
So if you want to look at the back of the history of my relationship of my relationship of my relationship of my relationship of my relationship -- this is a year ago, a known and I apply a study designed to create real love love -- we still go together -- and I'm very control.
But I'm not going to be the same thing that will be going to be lost.
You can see it is the easy.
So at the end of my article wrote -- love didn't happen.
We look at it because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit of a little bit to read now, because it's not true, but because at the moment, there was no consider everything that I used to put out of that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would take that decision -- and how many times will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 35 questions to be able to love someone so generate and a lot of fun and have experienced that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done in change is to become my relationship in the kind of half of a matter that I don't think about true.
And what it looks like, and what maybe you will spend my life looking for is that the middle is true.
I want the happy end, I want to do it in the list of my artist, which is, the only part of the art that actually didn't work.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to be able to love somebody -- and the hope that he also would love to me, and it's ready, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a little bit.
The city of New York is a time --  something that I really got to me but more they were more destroyed to me.
I will start with when I was eight years old.
I took a modern box and I took a billion of a dollar -- a plant and a television in it in some place in Congo.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few people will find this box about 500 years later, and you learn how our kind of interesting ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because here I am 30 years later, and I'm still doing companies.
At a moment when I was in Harvard -- I like to go out of expression and do all those rational things -- and I was doing a control for my mother for me.
And I took a doctor and I took a little bit of pages and I made a kind of carbon cards to the State Andrew Andrew Mars, and you get them out of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the room and a back of the room.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it's about them, so I took more and a half of them in the mind, thinking I could get it.
In change, it happened to be controlled, in some way it looks like it was that I went out of size -- as if you look at the text with a line.
And so I did that I did a little bit more.
This time, I started able to add electrical elements -- robotics, strange strange that I was found by the street -- everything I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relationships and tell stories about these objects.
So I was able to draw around the objects and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can be able to fly the statement, just like it does about a cartoon in the face of the heart.
And I saw the objects and I created my own supply of specific species.
First of all, banks, that you can do an idea.
And then I did a little bit of institutions and creative creatures.
It was very fun. It was very fun to draw in the reserves.
And it was great, because I started to keep expensive and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girl to hear -- for example, go to Sanch.
It was sure, man.
At some point I was interested by the human form of the human season with the horrible surveys of human beings within the cars.
It was great, except for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I was going to the house every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use video.
I started to draw in the glass cars, similar to the drawing in a window -- then on the other hand, and another vision, and I had all these visions that they form a traditional company.
And this really worked -- and so I was able to stop the rest.
So I did this for years, and my work is going to be very big, which I call "manufacturing."
For the "Tenny, I was inspired by a big measure in "The Galapagos of the Development of Harvard Bangladesh who is a painting in the World of the Project in Spanish.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic foot.
They say it's a little bit about his time.
Well, the program."
I spent 11 percent.
Five feet long.
It has a failure of face -- so they are 10 feet of company.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood out.
On the left -- it's Japan and the languages.
There is a car where all of these creatures with animals are going to come between two world.
They go out of the world in the world, to this international window where they stop.
So here is where the creatures with animals of animals are moving into the face -- ready to save in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of electrons.
So this is a little bit down to a court.
Bill Green is in the sample. The Hollywood Perrise -- the Poland Polar Persistan -- Wars, the Revolution of Jerusalem Bill London, there are all kinds of wonderful things that you can find if you look at the ocean.
All of them as a kind of manufacturing.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I put oil in a hand while the other hand came out of it.
Their hands are like cards and it seems to be a microbes that keep the Earth and the concept in the media.
So it's a species of the company."
It's a little bit a little bit.
That's the hand in which I do.
And then when you go to the other hand, it has a protection, like a bird party, and you put them out of this transportation.
It also has a cost of five feet a little bit.
All of a way, his own piece of force was going to happen on a value.
I don't know why that happened.
You know, you know.
His car ended up in a classic characteristic characteristic made out of the 19th century.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were banking banks of the terrorism.
All over his time.  This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "The professionals."
This is about six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each of you is a car of our culture -- through media and material are evolutionary, distributions or records.
But each act as a kind of artist in a way to be human in a way of being human -- and they were going to get in groups of 20 or 12 or 12 to a time.
They are like cells -- they go together -- they go down.
And you can walk between them.
Each of you is basically a microscope of microbes that I spent 13 miles with a human humans in their environment.
This has a little car in the fish.
That's the head -- it's the fish, you can get it out.
I'm going to tell you about the rest of the body -- there is a star that comes out of the fish -- and that I put it out of the period or non-lives, or what it is, a kind of ancient thing.
It's a quick question of these work because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have carbon, you can see.
This is a body part of the middle of it.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few plants that come out and they get in the head of this strange station.
There is a little piece of face inside the current quality in the current quality of the care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the bees that we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a language box -- it's called Parkinson's Water.
And within this box there is a physics -- a neuron, a math, a math, a mathematics, a mathematics, a machine, a museum -- a museum -- a school arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a galaxy.
Let's take the box and all of the people in a child with each other as a particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we got to realize that we are all together in this, that this island that we are different -- these cost of the countries, of the courses, of the relationships, it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to increase those things with decades and usually we are going to die very soon in it.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head?
They take a surface.
But so that this plant has an effect against the pain -- first of all, the institutions and other organisms.
It will take a plant that is the most effective system and putting it for any drugs to be able to support in the body.
The destruction, though, is that when you bring it any drugs on it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV patterns.
When they take a crowd-controlled medicine, these are going to stop the amount of virus in the blood -- and it will increase the rest of the CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their favorite effects -- in your most neurological effects in the most neuroscientists -- because in the time that they are going to get to the blood core, they go down, and worse in the time that they are going to get to your destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV device.
These are trees of the body as the little biological groups, the nervous system, the neurons -- where the virus is influenced and not even in the top side of the patients that are sent to the theory to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
However, after the interaction of treatment -- the virus can stop and identify new cells.
So this is the great problem of HIV with the terrorism of HIV with the current drugs that is a treatment of life in the original life.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the decision of the virus -- without the risk of the devices?
As a scientific experiment in them, the answer was in front of me, of course, of course.
If you use it in access, for the colleague of heroes and surgeon of decades, you can use it for any interesting thing -- including the intelligent transparency of medicine.
In fact, we are already using them to be able to open or put some extremely small holes -- which open up and they were able to have almost improved the cells that are involved with HIV to bring the medicine.
The best thing you ask is, "How is that possible?
We send a little and a little bit of power to be able to look at the clinical memory by HIV as these cells are interested in a language that has a framework.
And the way to take the cells, as the cell is able to add the face in a matter of microscope.
Before you can even realize it, the hole is related to it.
We are using this technology in the wind or in Parkinson's planes, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body -- the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a distribution of three head.
With the first head, which is our level, we're going to make an impact in the site of the information.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes to the rest of the information.
And finally, the third head -- a research that makes the bacteria -- the rest of the information in the site of information, while the level is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of moment.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total Egyptian of the body.
Yeah. A career for HIV HIV.
This is the dream of everything in the HIV research in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I have been studied to groups are not statistically, no station as terrorism, installations or millions.
They do what these groups are doing when they're not going on.
My goal is to understand better to these general generations of violence and study ways to reach the treatment of the value of violence to the collection of violence to the collection of violence.
I do field work, in the world of political and in the book.
I understand these groups is key to solve almost all of us in the course of the way, because the war has changed.
It used to be a station between state.
Because not.
It's now a conflict between the state and activity are not good.
For example, of the 24 degrees of paralyzed peace between 1994, and 2010, 1994 was made between a state and a corruption activity.
And so we need to understand these groups -- even we have to get them out or give them in any process of support consequences of scientist.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what it takes to these organizations about.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how do you do it, but no one would tell you what they do when they don't do it.
The private fight and the political plants are related to them.
It's all part of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less to give them, not a global vision of it.
The groups of today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Hollywood Bang, known by its visual very violence against Iraq.
From their creation in the decade of 2010, I have also taken a political part of a political season, a network of social services and a military speech.
In the same way, the Palestine Parkinson, known by their subjects with Iraq, also anticipated the University of Galapagos since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since 2009, since
So these groups do more than just described.
They're male.
They have a complex map of communication -- corruption care, cartoons of the Internet state of the Internet and structures in social network.
And here you have the Internet Red in English.
The groups are also invited in a complex complete compassion of forests without the subjects, but by the record business -- for example, companies of building them.
These opportunities are key here.
They allow them to allow these groups to figure out their force, to increase their formats, to pick up better and build their face.
The groups are also doing something else, they create more forces with their population in social services in social services in.
They build schools -- they put homes, and they put in the market programs of professional form or microscope.
And I have got all these services and more.
The groups are also trying to convince the population to get something that the state is not basically, security and protection.
The rest of the tables in an Afghanistan, or even the beginning of the Arab state -- you can also understand the elements of these groups to make sure that these groups are going to make sure that these groups of these groups are going on.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing pressure for the population.
But in generation to produce social services means to call a value, a battle left by the government, and let them allow these groups to fly and figure out their power.
For example, the electricity of 2008 percent of the particular Harvard can't understand without recognize the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage in the West -- even in the West when we take the graduate groups -- we just think about the virtual side.
But that is not enough to understand the forms of these groups -- the structure or the vision of a long thing.
These groups are headline.
They grow out because they are going to be based on the government -- and it comes as a group and political groups -- they put in the visual fight and they get graduate.
And how much more complex and sophisticated are these organizations -- we can be able to save them as something connected to a state.
How do you tell a group like Harvard?
And they discover part of a terror, you take all their function -- they get out of the baseball, they take the surgery system.
Is it a state? Is it a red group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Islam?
The lines go down.
We live in a world of states without state and health, and the more decades are the states -- as in the Middle Middle East -- the more they get in and they get that gap out of the artists not general.
This is important for governments -- because to connect these groups will have to invest more in tools not millions.
It will take that government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better of the graduate groups -- we will understand better how important it will be able to figure out the treatment of violence to violence.
In this new device between the state and activity are not statistically, the military power can be able to make some battles, but we're not going to give you performance or careful.
In order to get these goals we need a long way to reach that security station, to reach that group of government that allowed these groups to protect in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a face as a woman and as a female.
My operations on the glass of the government are very very very sensitive, but I fear that I will get the attention of "The "managerical season, it would be ready for the films.
I'm a favorite, but pretty bad.
And so I have a bad feature.
Or, at least I wrote a artist, and a book called "The "Many "The "Manya, and then in the interactions, people started to call the Marine Marine.
So what it started like as a personal bank below myself and a decade protection, has become something bigger in it.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young when I was young and at the age of the age and at the age of the years, I had an extraordinary ideas on the films, these personal women who are professionalized with the men and they had the sex. As if that was bad.
Today, I see how women all over the world and the war, in particular it looks like a perfect answer.
But at the time, I was concerned by the notion that I was using people in order to be able to be film.
It will be used as a film was an access, a word and destructive word and destructive.
And they got me like a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I lost too much with high street and you get to believe that it is just like a man.
No one wants to be that red woman until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
With time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am -- in fact, films, and also, protection of it.
For me, certain senses are resource, women are just like men.
We look at the same sound for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, biologists of air or violence of access.
We have right to use a easy way and access to animals and relationship services and relationship.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of legal control or everyday discoveries.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
So we are people with a different body and a different body, religion and sense, social consequence, and much more.
We have to have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matter what we have in common community.
But without this kind of even our females is not anything.
For me, these truth are entirely, but to be clear, I'm a distribution.
I'm full of controls.
There is a lot of things they do from me a bad female.
I have another conference.
When I build the work, I heard a lot of market market to all of us.
And even though the reading language to women and I get deep -- the climate San Santa San French is amazing.
He would be done with your back wall.
You know, I move up until you give you the concept."
Think about it.
It would be possible, right?
I am completely excited by my music.
I think about the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do, including -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- all of the distributions -- but it also would be able to kill insects -- the corruption of the back and the movie of the market of the market.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The reason is my favorite color here.
And I found out of the motors and the bad things.
I can see "The Bangladesh, and I have the recording communities, and I have a fantastic face of the stores that they do reality.
Some of my doctors are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to apply the start of your husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not who I am to play it.
If a woman decided to stay in home to create their children, I take that choice as well.
The problem is not that it is based through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is connected in a way that makes women and the women are excited when they continue.
We solve this problem.
And I remember the conventional medicine that has been involved or destroying the needs of the women of color women -- workers and transportation, and the factory of white women of white women.
You listen to it, if that's a very bad film I'm a very bad.
It also happens in the next thing, as a physical, I feel a lot of pressure a lot.
So we have this tend to put films in a perfect.
We hope that they want to stay to the perspective.
When you get them out, we would take them up with a lot of the same question where we put them.
And as I said, I'm a distribution, I have been able to get out of that question before you try to put it there.
A lot of women, particularly the innovation and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be
They have fear of put up and say, "Yes, I'm a film, for fear what it means is that I may not be able to be able to be able to share with a little bit.
Let's take for Berkeley, or like I call it the God.
In the last few years it's a decade film.
And in the Vietnam Mans American Americans, in MIT -- the artist of the word "The word of the world of the whole word of street.
It was a magic species, and it was going to look at this star of the police to open up the films and make the women and the young men who will be sensitive is something to be proud of it.
And spent the time, the cultural creatures were starting to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be or not enough film.
And they call her families, instead of simply creating the word of an adult woman and mathematical woman.
We allowed to be lost of the females, because we're still looking for a lot of a lot, we want to have a lot of a lot of a lot.
We're going to go beyond the feeling of sense and control -- to design the films of any woman to get it up until I didn't have anything else.
We don't need to do that.
The bad female, or more well, a more even is the point of particular.
But what happens here?
We are going to get out of our prisons to give you, will go to the action and be a little bit more.
If I hear a mathematical music -- I'm creating a decade for artists that would be more than happy to produce a completely exciting substance.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their cars until we save the change to get up to their characters.
It is hard.
Why do you have your music to be so decade?
It is hard to choose something better and so easy to get a worse enough.
But when the bad decisions are allowed that it makes it more difficult for women to get the equation, the size that we all face and is our responsibility to us.
I think of my substances, three and four years.
These are two wonderful girls -- decided and basically, and also very valuable -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where you get to the strong creatures that are.
And I think of them -- suddenly the best choice is used as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the song when a phone program is about sexual violence against women as a paradigm, it goes back to the Times of transportation.
We can change the reason when we listen to women who treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the concept in another part when the film don't treat women more than the medical objects.
We can stop to support the private detections where the adults are going to be the companies as a book statement.
In any case, the men -- especially men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in your record, and they will work on your project, or work with you, until I didn't even even have an enough number of women, so much to be able to take decisions as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your political, or your organization is more including with a more useful market of people.
Those of us who are supposed but invited to participate in this kind of projects -- we can also get us to be involved until more as more as you are going to get out of the backs to the designers of decisions of decisions of decisions in the decision.
Because we are no longer feet -- without these experiences, without taking these police, our generations are going to mean very bit.
We can take these little act of value and hope that our decisions are coming to the way, and people in the power and the production of collection and music and music, Chinese -- the people who can take big decisions -- more value, to create a death and significant change.
We can also be able to send out our films, well, bad or any news.
The last line of my book "Marine, says, "It will be a bad fear to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I would say my voice was reduced and the female helped me get it.
And there was an interactive.
I call it interesting to do it in front of what happened.
So a few kids were told me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
I was told as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And I went through my voice -- and after all I didn't get to believe that I could say something that could be able to important.
But I was wrong.
And it was going to write it.
I remember a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and of the women who look like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the moral skin in this world.
And the words of women who showed me that it wasn't nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure in.
They were through the writing and the films, I also discovered that if it was a little bit value, another woman could go back and look at it that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell you we are.
In one hand, I have the power to get any thing.
And in the other one, I have a human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad film, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do, without putting everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit value, when you need to be a value.
Just after Nigerian last year, 12 children in California, they were able to be able to have supported Delight or to be experienced to someone who had been there.
The virus then takes the forest with California, including more than 100 children in Delhi.
One of the traditional things of this bacteria is that the surgery that can be family for a child with a child interactive system, is one of the most easy diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this for more than a century -- but a lot of the children involved in the Barrick boat had not been valued because their parents had fear of something even worse even worse -- ancestor.
But a moment, it was not the artist that I designed the police on the audience and the devices and detailed and depression by being a framework by the British Broadmoor Bang.
Do you don't believe most smart scientists that the theory that the vaccines are going to be a student?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents all over the world are going to be able to put the blood to their kids to have an autism.
Why?
So here's why.
This is a group of the size of the size in the time.
For most of the 21st century, the attention was considered a very bad disease.
The few people and fish that I had heard about it is to be able to develop all its professional life without seeing one case.
For decades -- the private species were still used as only three or four children for every 10 dollars.
But then, in the 1980s, the numbers started to be able to stop.
You can see that we have a forest of food resources as Antarctica supported at the audience as a economic and a economic as if I could tell another child in Darwin.
What's going on?
If you're not the values, what is it?
So if you ask people from the University of the University of the University of Congo Control what is going on, they tend to stay in freedom like "Carticians like "Cartoon, and a better design of cases, to explain these creative numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't spend a lot of the feet of a young mother who looked at the face of her two years of two years, the visual concept of it.
If you have the distances of diagram they had to say, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they so related to the beginning, why were they
Why were the cases of the current attention to find before the decade of 1990.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
And I learned that what happened has less than to see with the legal program and heart of science that with the power of the nature.
Over the most part of the 21st century, doctors had a story about what the car and how they discovered it, but that story turned out to be fantastic, and the consequences of the same are having an important impact in the global health health.
There was one second story of the attention that had lost and forget in the dark corrections of the clinical language.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a little bit of individual -- I read Kartin Katuar, from the John John Johnson John Pollution -- Kates put an article that described to 11 young patients that seem to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have private world, even to their own parents, even to their own parents, even to their own parents, even
They could be fun for hours to put the hands out of the hands in the face of their faces -- but they were thinking about the audience for often as when you didn't put their favorite blood in their high-specific place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treat in their cell -- Kararosk special that the attention is very simple.
By the age of 1990, as a control of the world in the way, I would say that I had seen less than 150 different cases of their surface as I recognized some relationships of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be, because the Carteries of Kanzi for the distance of animals were very relatively.
For example, I would have to give you that distance to children with constructions, but now we know that economic is very common in the audience.
One time he had turned up to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their concept to be able to give them a distance of attention.
Karaf was a smart man, but part of their theory were not bright.
And I communicate the attention as a form of genetic physical positive particles caused by prisoners and destruction.
These kids, he said, they've been born in a record that not depressed.
At the same time, Kangara noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that make in certain areas like music and music and memory and memory.
One of the kids in his cell could be able to tell them between 18 pounds before I was going to take the two years.
When his mother put one of their favorite doctors -- he said, "Calculation."
But David had a bad open of these skills -- to keep things like the kids were just growing up what they had heard to their own parents -- depends to make their application.
As a result of a result, the car became a source of violence for families and two genes of cars were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible to the world.
And it was not until the decade of 2010, that the researchers started to test the theory of Kenya that the attention was right.
Chris Walley, I thought that the theory of the mothers have been a pretty strange thing.
She and his wife used to be clear and analogy, and they had a deep daughter called Surely.
London and John knew how hard it was to create a girl like South software without social education, no special education, and without access to other resources without a distance.
In order to figure out that the National National National Security that they needed more resources for the authority and their families and his family Clara Andrograms decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They took a study of attention in the general population.
They put a substance of London called Harvard to try to find the kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Montana model was too little basically, because the reality.
Some kids could not talk about it, as others were depressed in their fascinated by the advanced and the distribution of the reality.
On the other way, these kids were not going to get in the balls and stores, like Japan, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the global model of Kenya would have been predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have not been afraid of these kids before.
But then David found a record to a public artist in 1985, the next year to the Art of Karan, and then it was leading, and then I went up under the benefits of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Karaf knew about this art of the company, but it would be able to tell us in their own work.
There was not even a transition to English -- but by the way, the death of London was talking about, and he brought it for it.
The difference is an alternative story.
His car was a man called Harvard Santa, which takes a clinical cell with an interested school in the 19th States in the 1980s.
The ideas of Santa for the understanding of children with learning was even productive to the consequences of the consequence.
The morning, the morning in his cell started with music, and the kids are going to keep their games on the later.
Instead of carrier to the parents to cause attention to the parents of the activity of life that I would have a life of life that I would actually have a sort of support companies and specific spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their cell as patients as patients called their little professors, and they decided to help in the development of education that they were especially discovered for them.
Finally, I would be able to look at the attention as a little bit of money that had been able to have an amazing variety of dollars and discovery.
He believed that the attention and the advances were commons and always they've always been able to have it, looking at some of this conversation in the current culture in the entire culture as the social social and the development development.
He was more there even to say, that for the success in science and art -- a piece of attention is exciting.
Land and Japan found that David was wrong in which the attention was invention, so as the parents were care.
In the next few years, they worked in similar with the United States in the United States in order to apply the discoveries of the digital of what they called a distribution of what they called "The authority.
In the end of the 80 and the early 1990s, their changes came into the video, including the modern model of Karan for a small and even a standard of Stanford.
And these changes did not grow in a red sand.
It's going on, when Mars and Japan would work between baseballs to reduce these creatures -- people all over the world see an attention for the first time.
First of all, I was going to get Marine Mark." It was just a little cartoon, I knew what the attention was attention, but after the increase of David Hollywood and the recovery of Marine Market, with four feet of the American Mars, with four percent of the Americans, and you guys and parents around the world knew what the attention.
At the same time, they had got the first very easy clinical computers to use the autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little quality of experts to get a difference for his child.
The combination of Marine Marcus, the changes in the criteria and the interaction of these test transportations created an effect of the control of the context of the attention.
The number of digital began to get up, just as they were able to get out and John -- in fact they would expect that it was that it was that the people with attention and their families finally had the support and the services that they get in.
And so Angeles Walker came to carbon to the surgery in the distances -- a simple -- and a simple story, and a simple story as bad as the theory of Kenya that the attention was influence.
If the quality of the center of the center of the center of the principle that one of the 1970s in the United States are in the space -- it's right -- the advances are one of the largest manufacturing groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are used to solve for the new medical cars, when the Next neuron to fight the variety of human control.
One way to understand neurons is to think about terms of human systems.
The fact that a PMS does not work with Wallers, it doesn't mean that it is.
And the statistics -- the normal human brain is easy -- especially social brain, and it goes out of a sense of attention to details.
However, people have hard to live in a world not building for them.
70 years later, we are still accepted to Santa, that I believe the career for the most important aspects of attention are found in the understanding of the teachers -- exploration of collection, and the parents with the potential of their children.
A wide woman called Zabba Zartes said once once we need all the hands in the way to learn the battle of humanity."
As we go back to a fundamental future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to stop a brain.
Thank you.
